Support: Price for you is 74btc.
 You need to pay this amount and we will give you decrypt tool for all 
your machines, security report on how you were hacked, file tree on what
 we have downloaded from your network and wiping log of that 
information.
Take into consideration that we have downloaded a lot of data from your 
network that in case of not payment will be published on public news 
website and sold on the black-markets. We remove it after payment and 
wiping log is provided as well.  To start a business we offer you to 
make payment in two stages. What amount you can pay today?
Support: In the event that you 
and we do not reach a consensus, we will start publishing and selling 
your private information very soon. Please keep us writing notifying how
 it is going if there is still no success, so we understand that you are
 still with us.
Support: We could give you 
discount if you pay shortly. Also you should remember that we own all 
corporate data, including personal info of the employees, clients data, 
emails chats and etc. If you do not pay us, we will start to publish and
 sell that data. Think about your reputation.
Support: We think that you are 
not completely aware of the seriousness of the situation. In the event 
of a further delay, we will be able to use information resource 
https://continews.best and will start to sell you private data on the 
black markets.
We will publish the full dump of your data on our news website with 
1,000 visitors per day, 50% of them are mass media reporters and 
regulators, the other part is blackhat hackers. We are not interested in
 this, and we gain nothing from data publication, that is why we are 
offer you a deal.
1) your clients data will be used by criminals
2) your clients will fill lawsuit against you
3) government regulators will fine you for data breach, if you have in 
clients at least one EU resident then you will be also fined by EU 
government by GDPR law with millions of dollars of fine or permit ban 
for working with EU citizents. US has the similar laws, but they are not
 so costly, however the total cost will exceed the asked amount from 
you, so our offer is the best deal for you to resolve this issue.
Support: Look to the leaked info
 https://continews.best so you understand how full dump looks like and 
you could estimate your losses carefully, we have more 7 big companies 
waiting in queue to be published, do not get traped into this list.
We need your decision today or you will be published.
Support: Well we start to 
publish your data. Here is the web link:
https://continews.best/[redacted]
If you want to stop that process you have last chance for that. 
Otherwise the most valuable part of info will be sold on the black 
markets and the the rest will be published. Private data of your 
employees and clients is under the risk, you have to think about it.
