Are you ready for a dialog?
This time is enough to buy bitcoin or monero.
You are asking for extra time but you are not offering anything.  Contact a broker and they will buy you a cryptocurrency.
We are in the dialog, you could write us 1-2 days ago, but you 
didn't and now you are asking for an extra time. You need to work 
faster.
Our other clients can pay in this time, if you want - you can not pay, we need publications for the blog.
Your data leak will be a good reason for other companies to pay us.
We have reviewed your accounting, your liquidity allows to pay us that amount.
You haven't offered a single serious proposal. To discuss additional time you need to offer us a deal.
We can only discuss additional time when you have an offer. If we 
give you extra time, we will have to stand by our word. It would be 
wrong to give you extra time and not to discuss the amount of the deal.
If we do not agree on a price, you will not need additional time.
The price for your company is not overpriced, so we cannot provide big discounts.
If you pay within 24 hours, we will give you a discount.
ok
File
            

[redacted]
262 B
This Index search file so you need rename it
Yes.
Which error do you get?
Where do you get this error?
This is Bech32 address (https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Bech32). May be 
you have an old wallet that does not support such addresses. You can 
transfer money to a new wallet that supports bech32 addresses and send 
it from there.
What is this?
We will provide a wallet here in the chat soon.
[redacted]
For further communication, you need to provide your official mail, where we will send another key.
No, provide us your official mail.
We see 4 parallel sessions on your page. Until you confirm that you 
are a representative of the company, further messages will be ignored.
For the safety of your data during verification, write to us at 2dsfr.minotpi@protonmail.com
After we make sure that it is you, you will be given a new chat link.
All next messages in this chat will be ignored.
