Support: Hello
Support: Are you ready to negotiate?
Support: As you already know - your network and all of your data were encrypted by CONTI team. Besides the encryption process we've downloaded a large pack of your internal documents and files that will be published in case our negotiations fail. How it happens can be seen on our website https://continews.best/ (TOR mirror: http://fylszpcqfel7joif.onion).
The recovery price is $8500000 (302.5 BTC). This initial offer is based on the details about your revenue and internal financial documents we currently have access to. If you want to make sure we can recover all of your data - you can send us the two files of your choice and we will decrypt them free of charge.
If we reach mutual agreement your will be provided with decryption tool, none of your internal data will be published, all the backdoors will be removed from your network and you will be provided with security tips on how to avoid further breaches.
We strongly recommend to review our offer in a timely manner to avoid additional expenses from your side on security software and on building the new network from scratch.
Support: You can send 2 files for decrypt. Its free.
Support: In addition, we have stolen more than 1 terabyte of information from your network.
Support:   Hours and Revenue analysis November 2020 YTD (2).xlsx [ 52kB ]
Support: Yes. Please wait.
Support:   list_firstpart.zip [ 5MB ]
Support: Listing of the first part of the stolen information
Support: Yes, we are unpacking a terabyte. It will take a lot of time.
You can select any file from the listing and we will discard it as proof that we have these files.
Support: I have sent your file to the technical department. Wait.
Support:   [redacted]-EMEA.xml [ 2kB ]
Support: Will upload the file listing as soon as it's ready.
Support: 25 % ready.
This is a very slow process. Wait.
Support: It will take a few days
Support: You can choose ANY file from the listing above and we will discard it as proof
Support: Ok, just keep us updated on your progress.
Support: 50% Ready
Support: 70% Ready
Support: Yes, will upload soon
Support:   [redacted]---draft-2020-05-06-v2.docx [ 104kB ]
Support: %90 ready
Support: 100% ready.
Wait listing
Support:   listing_1tb.zip [ 9.2MB ]
Support: You can choose ANY file from the listing above and we will discard it as proof
Support: yes
Support: total of data more 1tb
Support: so, what other questions do you have?
Support: so ?
Support: Packing data into an archive provides compression up to 95%
Support: After the deal is concluded, we will give recommendations on how to prevent this.
Support: I propose to return to the discussion of the agreement
Support: After the conclusion of the agreement, we overwrite the data
Support: We will show the cleaning logs
Support: This price is indicated for restoring ALL data in your network and deleting data on our servers
Support: We will give a decryptor and you will restore all the work
Support: We value our reputation and never leak any data after the deal is closed
Support: Ok, waiting.
Support: Ok
waiting
Support: If you have any questions - we can help you
But the sooner you conclude an agreement, the sooner you will resume work and will no longer suffer losses due to this situation.
Support: Yes
Wait
Support:   [redacted]_v4-cl.docx [ 13kB ]
Support: Are you convinced? There is really a lot of your data here
Support: Publishing data will cause customer churn and you will lose much more. It is more profitable to work with us
Support: There are plenty of ways to get the cash, like insurance or a corporate loan.
Support: We are ready to hear your proposal which is based on your abilities, but it should be relevant to the initial offer.
Support: That is way lower than your abilities and not as relevant to our expectations as we thought. Although I will pas your offer to my boss and get back to you.
Support: We've discussed internally, and taking in consideration the facts that you are trying to work this through and the fact that you don't need the decryption tool I've managed to convince my boss to provide you the huge discount by going down to $2125000 (70% discount). If we close the deal this way we have to intention to sell or publish your data of course.
Support: yes
Support: Yes, sure, let's get back to this on Monday. Just keep us updated on the progress.
Support: Ok, will be waiting for further details
Support: We will discuss internally and get back to you soon.
Support: We've discussed, despite the fact that my boss considers our last offer reasonable I managed to convince him to review it. He agreed to go down to $600k if the deal will be closed by the end of this week. Once the transfer is made you will be provided with security recommendations on network improvement, breach details, all you files will be completely wiped from our servers once and for all. 
Also we can upload your files to mega.nz secure share and provide you with full access to it. That's a fair offer and I did everything possible to make it work. Hope you appreciate.
Support: As I remember you do not need a decryption tool. Am I mistaken? Most of the discount was provided based on the fact that you do not need the decryption.
Support: That is way below our offer. Yes, surely the decryptor would save you some time, and time means money. The $600k offer was for the data we hold. As you must understand we have some experience in negotiations, and you are trying to put us in the position that you think we accept, based on the basic information that is in the the press about usual sum we get. Relying on the press or public opinion is a mistake. About 75% of our deals are never leaked to the public or revealed. We will be waiting for your decision by tomorrow. $600k for the files or something better for full pack.
Support: The $400k is too low anyways. I will talk to my boss and try to get an offer for $600k that will contain the decryptor. Give me few hours.
Support: Talked to my boss. When he heard about the decryption tool being needed, at first he was ready to move back to the previous offer or at least move to 1.2mil (x2 from the data offer), but we've decided not too be hard on you and are ready to stay at $750k. Take this to the management and let me know what they decide.
Support: We can leave it $600k if the transfer will be done today or tomorrow.
The BTC wallet is : [redacted]
Support: $600k.
take it back.
Support: And the sum will be increased if we will not receive the funds within mentioned time frames.
Support: You still have a little time to conclude an agreement on the terms above. Then the price will increase.
Support: I'm sorry. I'll talk to the boss today, but I'm afraid he'll stand his ground.
Support: Not yet, will update you as soon as he replies.
Support: Ok. $450k. BTC wallet : [redacted]
Support: - Decryption tool.
- Your data will be wiped from our servers
- Security improvement tips
Support: we can upload on mega. yes.
Support: Yes. Let me know as soon as the transfer is made.
Support: Yes, just a minute.
Support: The BTC wallet is the same : [redacted]
Support: The payment is pending. As soon as it's confirmed you will be provided with decryption software with the instructions on how to use it.
Support: We will upload them to the mega.nz share the soonest possible.
Support: Will be ready within next 4-5 hours.
Support:   [redacted]_decryptor.exe [ 102kB ]
Support: It's pretty much data so it keeps being uploaded. Will update you as soon as it's ready.
Support: please wait. about 1 tb
Support: %50 ready
wait
Support: %90 ready
Support: i check now
wait
Support: https://mega.nz/folder/[redacted]
check please
download all and open first archive 
unzip and see
write please and we will delete from mega
