"Hello!"
"Moment please, let me prepare a manual for you."
"Are you sure that you want to pay in bitcoin? Maybe you prefer monero? Cause in case you want to pay in bitcoin, you have to pay 20% more because of service fees."
"Process is literally the same."
"Give me a moment, I will provide a monero tutorial."
"Monero manual: Here is the fastest and safest service to buy monero in your country [URL1]. An alternative way is to buy bitcoin via the following manual and change it to monero here [URL2]. Bitcoin manual: Here are some services where you can safely buy and send bitcoin [URL3]. Choose which one you like more and buy bitcoin. Then text in chat, and we will provide the wallet for transfer."
"We do not have that amount. Is out of our business."
"Take a loan."
"I can make you an offer compatible with my availability and comparable to the time it would take if I had to restore from backups."
"We know everything about your backups. If you could restore, you wouldn't text us at all. So please stop wasting our time and yours."
"Are we talking with a recovery company right now? Cause a few hours ago, this conversation had a bit another vector."
"Go back home, you were much more pliable from there."
"I talked with my CEO, and we want to solve the issue. We can offer 75,000€ to start the decryption process and 75,000€ at the end of the decryption (in total 150,000€)."
"This amount is not enough. Raise the price, and we will give you an additional discount."
"We've made you a 30% discount. Give us a better price, and we will try to give you an additional discount."
"Let's get back to this question in the morning! You need to rest, you are right! Goodnight!"
"We are ready to accept 700k dollars. We will give you a discount of $300k."
"We want to pay, but we do not have 700k. We did the best effort to offer you 250,000€."
"I sent you a small file."
"We had a crisis committee meeting. We evaluated your proposal. I know that you don't want to waste time, but trust me, we are not so big as you think. We need time to get a reasonable amount of MONERO or BITCOIN. We try to deliver an extra special effort, and we can raise to 250,000€."
"We are 60 employees and only 6 in IT. We are working on this problem 24 hours. We need your help."
"I spoke to my boss and explained your situation to him. He approved a payment of 350k dollars. There will be no more discounts."
"Do you have a quick way to get that amount of MONERO?"
"We accept your proposal."
"Price updated. Reload the page."
"Yes, have you considered buying through the exchange? Or are you having trouble with it?"
"If you find it difficult to get Monero - buy Bitcoin first. Then change it to Monero."
"I think it is not difficult to buy bitcoin in your country. Use exchangers or crypto exchanges (binance, et al.)."
"OK. I will update you."
"Change money on your wallet and then send us cryptocurrency."
"OK, we wait."
"Very difficult to move on BTC that amount on one wallet. You need a transaction from one wallet alone?"
"Can we make more transactions?"
"Could you decrypt some server?"
"We are waiting for XMR from you, not BTC. If you decided to pay with BTC, you have to pay an additional 20%."
"You can use several transactions."
"After payment, you will receive a decryptor for all your network."
"Several transactions from the same wallet or we could use a different wallet?"
"You can use a different wallet."
"How many BTC do we have to pay? Yesterday I saw 25.18, now I see 23.3."
"Pay the amount that you see now."
"BTC rate is not stable, so don't wait and pay quickly."
"Do not change anymore because we had a lot of difficulty getting crypto BTC."
"I can fix the rate, but you have to pay for 6 hours."
"We'll try in 12 hours, but I'm not sure, maybe 24."
"I have fixed your BTC amount, for the next 24 hours it doesn't depend on BTC rate."
"You must pay as soon as possible."
"Help us as soon as possible. We are very little to pay that amount, but we do... and also we had to work a lot of other days... give a hand as soon as you can... trust us."
"After payment, I will immediately give you decryptors."
"The exchanger told me that the operation should be in the morning. Now here it's 20:47."
"Take in mind that after 35 hours, your price will be doubled and this action cannot be undone."
"We bought yesterday 23.3 by an exchanger, and we are waiting for the transaction. We cannot change the amount now."
"The payment is in progress."
"Ok, waiting for 23.3 BTC from you in the next several hours."
"Ok. May I ask for a partial decryption of one server?"
"After payment, you'll immediately receive a decryptor for all networks."
"You have the last 3 hours to pay the fixed BTC amount. After that time, the rate will float again."
"I had a meeting scheduled with the exchanger at 1 PM."
"I don't know why he's taking time. We yesterday moved € to the exchanger."
"Send the documents."
"Ok, added time."
"Upload in progress. 3 pages."
"Da you update the countdown on this page?"
"The wallet that you see on your page is always relevant."
"Operation is in progress."
"Be patient; the operation with the exchanger is taking too long."
"How much time do you need?"
"The exchanger told me that the operation should be in the morning. Now here, it's 20:47."
"Take in mind that after 35 hours, your price will be doubled and this action cannot be undone."
"We know. My mind now is about 23.3 BTC because the operation is for that amount."
"If you don't pay tomorrow, I'll enable the float rate again and don't fix it anymore."
"So,
