Support: HI
Price for you is 69btc. You need to pay this amount and we will give you decrypt tool for all your machines, security report on how you were hacked, file tree on what we have downloaded from your network and wiping log of that information.
Take into consideration that we have downloaded a lot of data from your network that in case of not payment will be published on public news website and sold on the black-markets. We remove it after payment and wiping log is provided as well.  To start a business we offer you to make payment in two stages. What amount you can pay today?
Support: In the event that you and we do not reach a consensus, we will start publishing and selling your private information very soon. Please keep us writing notifying how it is going if there is still no success, so we understand that you are still with us.
Support: We think that you are not completely aware of the seriousness of the situation. In the event of a further delay, we will be able to use information resource https://continews.best and will start to sell you private data on the black markets.
We will publish the full dump of your data on our news website with 1,000 visitors per day, 50% of them are mass media reporters and regulators, the other part is blackhat hackers. We are not interested in this, and we gain nothing from data publication, that is why we are offer you a deal.
1) your clients data will be used by criminals
2) your clients will fill lawsuit against you
3) government regulators will fine you for data breach, if you have in clients at least one EU resident then you will be also fined by EU government by GDPR law with millions of dollars of fine or permit ban for working with EU citizents. US has the similar laws, but they are not so costly, however the total cost will exceed the asked amount from you, so our offer is the best deal for you to resolve this issue.
Support: Well we start to publish your data. Here is the web link:
https://continews.best/[redacted]
If you want to stop that process you have last chance for that. Otherwise the most valuable part of info will be sold on the black markets and the the rest will be published. Private data of your employees and clients is under the risk, you have to think about it.
Support: We gave the price. It is just beginning. We have much more data which will be posted or sold on the black markets.
Support: In the event that you and we do not reach a consensus, we will keep publishing and selling your private information very soon. Please keep us writing notifying how it is going if there is still no success, so we understand that you are still with us.
Support: We posted you, because you stopped to response. We do not like wasting of time. You know the price, moreover we could you give discount 10BTC. So total price is 59BTC. Also you should not forget that the most valuable part of data will be sold to the black hat hackers.
Support: We have a lot of your data from more then 90 servers and 500 desktops. Hurry up, it is a lot of private data. Otherwise we will start to look for clients on it and the price will raise.
Support: In the event that you and we do not reach a consensus, we will start publishing and selling your private information very soon. Please keep us writing notifying how it is going if there is still no success, so we understand that you are still with us.
Support:   Copy of [redacted] July 2020.xlsx [ 1MB ]
Support:   RECORD REQUEST.xlsx [ 95kB ]
Support: Here is 2 more samples.
Support: In the event that you and we do not reach a consensus, we will start publishing and selling your private information very soon. Please keep us writing notifying how it is going if there is still no success, so we understand that you are still with us.
Support: We already sent you files and told that we took data from 96 servers and more then 500 desktops. Is it not understandable for you?
Support: Normally is several enough. We do not keep data on hard drives, it is all in clouds. So it is complicated process to show several more files. Also you should understand that downloading process is very easy compare to hacking process. We mean that if we broke your system, get your data is the easiest part.
Support: That is not possible. We could not provide that screenshot. We told the size of it.
Support: How is it going so far?
Support: We will give you BTC wallet as soon as you will be ready. It is not a problem. Also it is only small part of data, even we can say 1 folder of thousands folders. One more thing, we will upload more data on Monday.
Support: OK. We are confirming this. The size of the data which was taken is more then 50TB, as we told you previously this files are from 96 servers and 500 desktops.
Support: You know the price and conditions. You should remember that we will start to raise price very soon if we do not arrange an agreement.
Support: We could make additional discount 5BTC. We will not wait for several weeks and keep the price on the same level. That price is valid till the end of the week. OK?
Support: That is too long. You need to pay till the end of the week.
Support: How is it going so far?
Support: That is not enough. Your private data cost much more on the black market because it includes a lot of private info(ids, ssn and etc). You should make better offer.
Support: We could give additional discount 5BTC.
Support:   Driver's License.pdf [ 19kB ]
Support:   [redacted].pdf [ 94kB ]
Support:   License.pdf [ 303kB ]
Support: Here is several samples.
Support: In the event that you and we do not reach a consensus, we will start publishing and selling your private information very soon. Please keep us writing notifying how it is going if there is still no success, so we understand that you are still with us.
Support: We will start to publish and sell your data on Monday if you do not answer.
Support: That is still very low.We could earn more profit if we sell your data. So you should make better offer.
Support: According to the public records, your revenue is 76KK. So we offer possible price for you.
Support: Ok. We could give additional discount and price now is 44BTC.
Support: We could even make some more, so price is 39BTC.
Support: So what is your decision?
Support: How long will it take?
Support: It is taking too long. We want to know it tomorrow. You have talk to your bosses and explain them the seriousness of the situation. Also they should remember that the price is much cheaper then you will pay lawsuits, that your clients will send you and government fines, because you have lost so much of their data.
Support: That is not reasonable price for so huge batch of data. You should remember that the price is much cheaper then you will pay lawsuits, that your clients will send you and government fines, because you have lost so much of their data. So, our offer is 25BTC.
Support: Of course, we understand, that your work here is not easy and requires efforts to convince your board members. But we do not want to waste our time. So you should understand, that our team have plenty of projects running, and yours - just one from many. If we don't reach an agreement, we'll just shorten our profit. And on other hand, you would be ruined.
Support: So when will you proceed with the payment? Otherwise we will start to public data tomorrow.
Support: We think that you do not understand the seriousness and waste our time. Also you are making all movements very slow. Also, you could split the amount, pay us 15BTC and we will give decrypt tool for example. The rest 10BTC you could in 2 weeks and we will delete your data. So, we will start to upload your data anyway today, maybe it will rush you and your boss.
Support: So when do you proceed with the payment? We could accept 15BTC without decryption tool, just for data.
Support: In the event that you and we do not reach a consensus, we will start publishing and selling your private information very soon. Please keep us writing notifying how it is going if there is still no success, so we understand that you are still with us.
Support: OK. Keep updating us please.
Support: How is it going so far?
Support: We could not control the btc rate and it is your problem that you wasted time. We mean that you borrow additional funds somewhere.
Support: So should we start posting of your data?
Support: Well we start to publish your data. Here is the web link:
https://continews.best/[redacted]
If you want to stop that process you have last chance for that. Otherwise the most valuable part of info will be sold on the black markets and the the rest will be published. Private data of your employees and clients is under the risk, you have to think about it.
Support: Should we start to sell the data of your employees and patients?
Support: Good morning. Are you still with us?
