Hello.
 Do you understand it is a real attack or you do think it is just a 
penetration test? Do you understand that we have got a lot of essential 
data from your company? Also, do you understand that this data can 
compromise your company and CEO before the law?
Okay.
 We made you an offer; if it doesn't fit you, you can offer your price. 
However, you need to know that we won't provide you a too big discount. 
Data we got is too sensible.
We know about your financial situation.We have all personal data of your employees and administrative staff, including private photos.Also,
 we have a full list of your clients, and I think you understand we can 
inform them about this incident. It will be a hard strike for your 
reputation.Also, we have got all information and documentation related to your projects, including schemes and drafts.We
 are still waiting for your price. We all realize that if this info will
 be uploaded to the public sources, you will lose much more.
Okay. And what do you think about the GPDR?
Sure, contact anyone you need and return to us with your offer.
Yes,
 I am speaking exactly about it. If we make a deal, you avoid all the 
problems and we will got our money. Also, we are ready to inform you 
about used vulnerability to avoid such situation in future.
If not, all your data will remain encrypted and we will upload sensible info to public.
Okay, we see
So,
 we are still waiting for your offer. I tell you about it third time 
already. One more - and we delete the chat and upload data
Depending on your serious situation, we can offer you a 50% discount. So, your price will be 500k
USD
If it is too hard, you can ask your shareholders to help
Otherwise, you will try to find cash to avoid prison
We need to talk with business owners. Speaking with middleman is not interesting for us.
You can take a loan to pay this sum. Your offers is not even serious.
You have two days to pay, after this period, data will be posted and you won't be able to contact us anymore
We
 did it already. You can search for a recovery company in your country, 
they can offer you a loan in this situation. As I said already, we can 
make a discount, but your offer must be serious too.
This
 conversation have no sense now. We also have info about your 
shareholders, and I don't think they will be glad when it will be 
published. Anyway, you have the time to think about the situation and 
make us a good offer.
About
 your question - your guarantee is our reputation. Use Google to find 
info. We NEVER publish info and leave data encrypted if companies pay.
