Hello from Avaddon Team .Price for you is 
$300,000. We have downloaded a lot of critical data, which will be 
published on our news website (http://avaddongun7rngel.onion) if you do 
not make a payment. After the payment we will decrypt all your systems, 
give you listing of files that we have taken, remove data from our 
servers and give you proofs of deletion. Also we will provide you with 
security report, so you can fix all your vulnerabilities and be safe 
again.
We are ready to talk to you and discuss on this matter ....
Hello!
How much can you pay at most?
ok
This is a joke?
Your price is $ 300,000.
Perhaps the price is too high for you and we are ready to make a small discount.
But on $ 3,000 we will never agree.
Reinstalling all systems and restoring the 
workflow will take a very long time and you will incur heavy losses. The
 best option would be to pay and get back to normal quickly.
We have a lot of your important files that 
we will publish on our blog if you do not cooperate with us.
You will never be able to get your files 
back without our decryptor! Only we have a unique key to decrypt your 
files. Don't waste time and money trying to decrypt files yourself.
We are ready to make a very big discount for
 you. If you pay within 67 hours, we will offer you a 50% discount. Then
 the price will again be $ 300,000.
Now you need to pay $ 150,000.
It does not matter.
Sir, you are offering us a ridiculous price,
 it does not suit us at all. Before we set you a price of $150,000, we 
analyzed your profitability and your capabilities in general, this price
 was taken not from the sky, but according to specific criteria, and by 
analysis.
And we will tell you that $ 15,000 is still 
not enough, and we do not agree to such a small amount. Suggest more or 
we will use other methods. We can share your financial statements, your 
employee and customer data, and more in the public domain. Use DDOS. We 
can completely ruin the reputation of your business. Then you will have a
 lot of problems and you will suffer a lot of damage. You choose ...
We want to talk to your boss.
Hello, [redacted]!
Are you already aware of the situation?
How much can you offer? As we already wrote,
 the amount of $ 15,000 or $ 20,000 does not interest us.
You're not serious! You do not understand 
the magnitude of the problems for your company. Are you ready to incur 
losses and ruin your reputation or will you cooperate and offer a higher
 amount?
We have already offered you a very large 
discount, which we do not do for other clients. We have made a 50% 
discount for you.
The price for you is $ 150,000.
After the expiration of the time, the price will double and then it will be $ 300,000.
You cannot recover files without our unique key.
You have 66 hours to start working with us or you will have a lot of problems.
After 7 o'clock your amount to double. This is the last chance to pay at such a low price.
Hi guys are you there ?
Contact us if you see this, it looks like we have a misunderstanding.
Sir, we found out that one of the branches 
of your network is located in Armenia, our policy of work does not allow
 working in the CIS countries, so we will give you a decryptor general 
with which you can decrypt your entire network. We strongly apologize 
for this unpleasant incident and would like to say that we will help you
 restore your systems even if you have any problems.
You can download the decryptor.
http://avaddonbotrxmuyl.onion/[redacted]/buy
Weak passwords.
I will clarify this point.
Ok
You guys should do penetration tests more 
often. Hire a professional company and they will find all loopholes in 
your network. It will cost you few ten thousends but you will be safe.
Update all services with outside internet, especially Ms Exchange server.
We cannot say anything more for security reasons for personal purposes.
Ok guys, excuse us again, I hope you didn't report this to the police? :)
What does it mean ?:)
Ok sir , good luck
