Hello! You have been infected by the Avaddon ransomware. Price for you is $80,000. To receive a general decryptor, you need to pay the amount indicated to you in the BTC on the landing page. After paying the ransom, you will receive a general decryptor that will decrypt absolutely all PCs and servers on your network. We will also provide you with a list of vulnerabilities in your network so that a similar situation does not happen to you in the future. We also guarantee the anonymity of the and attack no one will recognize this incident. We are ready to talk to you and discuss on this matter.
We are here 24/7, for all your questions, write here and we will help you.
You must understand that the amount is indicated for everything together. We cannot provide you with a decryptor for only part of the files. The decryptor will decrypt all files.
We understand your situation and are ready to offer you a 15% discount on the total amount.
How much can you offer us, but please note that we cannot agree on $ 5,000.
$ 6,000 is still not enough. We cannot work with this amount. You need to offer more.
After payment we will give you our Avaddon Decryptor, which will decrypt all your files on all your PCs and servers in a few hours. You can get back to work very quickly.
We want to help you and have made a big discount, but we cannot accept such a small amount.
You need to offer more so that we can work.
you give us amounts that we are not interested in at all, if you want to get a decryptor you need to offer a much higher amount
we understand the current situation and are ready to make concessions to you and charge a new price of $ 60,000
what is the maximum amount you are willing to offer us?
Guys ?
Ok
You need to send 1.44 BTC to Bitcoin address: [redacted]
[redacted]
This address is correct.
Have you already figured out the problem? Because the address is correct, the problem is on your part.
If you yourself cannot buy, then seek help from a specialist. Because everything works from our side.
Guys, what nonsense are you starting to say, you just tried to put $ 55k into our account and work with us, and now you start telling us tales that this is a lot of money, a lot of money is millions of dollars, and you work with us for only 55k despite the fact that we gave you a huge discount !? Did you lie to us that you tried to send money? We are a serious organization we are "Avaddon Ransomware". If you have doubts about data decryption, then on your landing page there is a "Test Decryption" section, upload an image file weighing up to 2MB and after a while you will receive a decrypted file.
Guys, do you want us to give you the motivation to pay us?
:D
Take it. We've stolen over 25GB of data from your network. What if I tell you the exact number of files? These are 50382 files!
If payment is not made within 24 hours, we will publish a post about the leakage of your data, make mass spam by emails of your competitors, clients, partners and tell them that all confidential data that they had associated with you was leaked through your fault. Believe me, we know how much money will be spent on investigations and lawsuits. It will be much more than 55k.
Do you need confirmation that we have the data? This is not a problem, we will provide them to you. Just tell us to do it.
I hope you pay and I don’t have to tell you what else we will do with your network in case of non-payment...
Cooperating with us, we guarantee you complete confidentiality on our part, General decryptor with which you can restore absolutely all files on your PCs / Servers, a complete tree of the files we have taken from you and confirmation of their deletion after payment. We will also point out to you the vulnerabilities in your network and give recommendations on what to do to eliminate these vulnerabilities, following our security recommendations, you will be practically invisible to hacker attacks.
I think the choice is obvious. I changed the time for you to 24 hours, the time has gone. Tick tock tick tock
these are your words "Ok we are ready to pay 55k$ is it ok with you? "
In the Meaning, you didn't say that? Check out our communication history above, you wrote it.
We are not interested in this price.
11,000 $ are not enough.
You need to offer more if you do not want us to publish your files.
Guys, you do not understand, you have a lot of problems. To restore the normal mode of operation, you need a lot of time and money. If you do not pay, then you are waiting for news in our blog, we will publish a lot of your files that you will not like. You will get damage to much more than $ 55,000. We offer you a solution to all these issues for an adequate price.
We have already made a big discount for you and are ready to work with you, but we are not satisfied with $ 11,000.
We are ready to make a small discount for you.
Perhaps we can go down a little lower, but the price you offer absolutely does not suit us, we have already made you a big discount, if you do not go up then there will be no deal.
take a loan or find money in some other way, if your files are important to you, then you will find money.
You cannot pay for only 1 decrypted file, you either buy the General Decryptor which will decrypt absolutely all your files or there will be no deal.
We will give you additional time to search for money, and we will not publish a publication about your data leak while you are looking for money.
Guys, look, we will give you the last price, $ 30k, this price is no longer discussed, either you pay exactly 30k or there will be no deal and we can say goodbye to you.
Ok
done
Hello, how can i help you?
After you make a payment, we guarantee the anonymity of the attack. We will not disseminate information about hacking your network, no one will know that your company was attacked. We will provide global decryption that will decipher all your files throughout your network. We also delete all your data and send you evidence of deletion. In addition, we guarantee you immunity from attacks on your company in the future.
When will you pay?
Try another image with extension .jpg
ok sir ?
This extension is not decrypt in test decryption. In test decryption, how can you see only files with certain extensions can be decrypted. Do not worry, General Decryptor will decrypt absolutely all files on your PCs and servers.
Of course, Sir absolutely all files will be decrypted, there will be no problems with it, we promise you.
Wait a bit
u can download your file [redacted].png
Send us 1 image file and we will decrypt. Use https://www.sendspace.com/
Ok, we'll decrypt and send it to you.
Archive: https://www.sendspace.com/file/[redacted] Password: [redacted]
Here is the decrypted file
We received $ 100 from you. You can send the rest.
You can download the decryptor on your payment page, update it. Run the decryptor according to the instructions.
