You have been infected by the Avaddon 
ransomware. To receive a general decryptor, you need to pay the amount 
indicated to you in the BTC on the landing page. After paying the 
ransom, you will receive a general decryptor that will decrypt 
absolutely all PCs and servers on your network. We will also provide you
 with a list of vulnerabilities in your network so that a similar 
situation does not happen to you in the future.
Your price is 45,000 dollars. $ 2,500 is very small, we cannot agree to it.
We can offer you a 5% discount.
We cannot agree on 5k. Offer more, much more.
If you refuse to pay the amount specified on
 the page, you can see all your files in our blog for leaks. I think you
 do not want, and your company is important reputation.
We can offer you a 10% discount.
Your price is $40,000.
Price $ 10,000 still small
If you want to return your files and do not 
want us to create a post about your company and have posted information 
about you there, then you need to offer us more than $ 10,000.
We understand the current situation and want
 to meet you halfway, but we cannot agree to such a low price. You need 
to think carefully and offer us more than $ 10,000.
Why do you have to pay? Let the company pay the ransom.
We do not give lessons.
We are ready to make a very big discount for
 you. $ 35,000 this is our last proposal, it cannot be less.
I understand you, but the price is for the 
company. The company can afford to pay this amount. You yourself got 
yourself in a dead end when you wanted to pay from your pocket. Here we 
will not be able to help.
If your company does not want to pay the 
amount, then they will have more problems than to dismiss you. And they 
need to think about damage and reputation.
Talk to the boss and explain to him that he 
needs to pay a ransom if he wants to save time and not lose even more 
money for restoring the work order.
We will never agree in the amount of 10k or 15k!
You must collect more money. We already help you very much when it has reduced the price to 35k.
We can make a very big discount for you. You
 need to pay $ 30,000. If you want to return your files, you need to pay
 this amount. This is the last discount, the price cannot be lower.
We did everything you could, now your turn.
We are not interested in 12k, the last price is 30k!
How much maximum can you offer?
How can we help you? We have already done a big discount for you.
I understand, but I can not do anything.
We made a very big discount for you.
I do not know how and where you take money. You should do it.
Credit in a bank, lend from a friend, ask the boss. You should do it.
I repeat, we cannot agree in the amount of 13k or even 15k. It's too little!
Your price is 30k.
And we explained many times that we cannot agree to less.
https://anonfiles.com/[redacted]/[redacted]_RandomProof_7z
Password: [redacted]
Evidence that we have the files and we will publish them if you don’t find the money.
Sir, it seems to us that you do not quite 
understand the seriousness of the situation by offering us such a small 
price. Before the price of $ 45,000 for your network was set, we carried
 out a detailed analysis of your company's income and financial 
statements. We know about your financial capabilities so the price 
offered we are not satisfied with you. We are ready to give you a 
discount and offer $ 30,000 this is the lowest price. The files that we 
showed you are just a drop in the ocean, in fact, we have about 10GB of 
data pulled from your network and this data includes finance and 
accounting, passports, credit card data, agreements and contracts, tax 
data of your company for the last few years, confidential documents, 
data on your clients and tens of thousands of other data. Imagine the 
scale of the leak of this data and what consequences it will entail, 
such as lawsuits and proceedings. Your reputation will be severely 
collapsed. Also, if we make a post about you on the blog, then a DDOS 
attack will fall on your site 24/7 and your site will simply be 
inaccessible to your customers. Most importantly, this is not all that 
awaits you in our arsenal there are many more tools and techniques with 
which we will harm you more and more every day. We are a serious threat 
to your company and we ask you to take us and our proposals seriously. 
Consider our proposed price of $ 30,000 and let's cooperate.
Cooperating with us, we guarantee you 
complete confidentiality on our part, General decryptor with which you 
can restore absolutely all files on your PCs / Servers, a complete tree 
of the files we have taken from you and confirmation of their deletion 
after payment. We will also point out to you the vulnerabilities in your
 network and give recommendations on what to do to eliminate these 
vulnerabilities, following our security recommendations, you will be 
practically invisible to hacker attacks.
Hey!
We already wrote earlier that this is not enough. Your price is 30K.
Look for money.
We can help you when you have 30K
Hi sir
what is the maximum price you can offer us?
I ask this because we are already dealing with your files and soon they will be on the blog
It is interesting to hear your last sentence.
