Hello
Yes, we can decrypt your all files
When will you pay? You don't have much time left to pay with a discount
Yes. We will send the decrypted files shortly
First
            

[redacted].jpg
60.71 kB
Second
            

[redacted].jpg
14.66 kB
Third
            

[redacted]_T.jpg
8.67 kB
If you pay within the next 24 hours we can give you $25,000 discount, but not more.
$250,000 and we will finish this very quickly
We didn't take data.
Confirmed.
Write after sending payment.
Linux decryption instruction:
1. Upload decryptor to esxi.
2. Set run permissions: chmod 777 decryptor
3. Run decryptor: ./decryptor 
            

lin_decryptor.out
2.3 MB
The decryptor works in 2 modes:
1. GUI
2. Console

Three functions are available in GUI mode:
1. "DECRYPT ALL" - search and decrypt ALL encrypted files on the local 
PC and on network resources (Shares), where this PC has access.
2. "DECRYPT FOLDER" - decrypts files in the specified folder, which you 
can select in the "Browse for folders" window or drag and drop the 
folder into the decryptor window.
3. "DECRYPT ONE FILE" - decrypts a single file, which you can open in 
the "Open" window or drag and drop the encrypted file into the decryptor
 window.

IMPORTANT!
Extension of encrypted files may not coincide with the extension of files, which the decryptor suggests to open!
To open encrypted files with other extensions, in the "Open" window 
select, in the lower right corner of "All Files (*. *)" or just drag and
 drop the given file into the decryptor window.
File extension does not affect the decryption of file!

Console mode has two parameters:
1. "-all" - search and decrypt ALL encrypted files on the local PC and on network resources (Shares), where this PC has access.
You can also use Group Policy to quickly decrypt your entire network.
2. "-path" - decrypts files in the specified folder or a single file.
3. Dragging and dropping an encrypted file or folder with encrypted files onto the decryptor file.
In this mode, the console window will open automatically, which will display the decryption process.

Command line examples:
> decryptor.exe -all
> decryptor.exe -path C:\Folder
> decryptor.exe -path C:\Folder\file.txt.[redacted]
            

win_decryptor.exe
76.5 kB
You have 48 hours for support. After that, this chat will be deleted.
