Hello, will you take the decryption or not?
Hi sir
What do you mean "by now Github Decrypted my files, thanks!"?
Only we have a decryptor, no github decryptors will help you!
Do not rejoice, you will not be able to 
unblock all your servers, only we can unblock your servers, you better 
pay, we even reduced the price for you from $ 1,000,000 to $ 200,000, 
you now better buy a decryption, and finish this business already
we have already released a patch, so it won't help you another time)
the more we doubt that you have decrypted 
files, because the decryptor can decrypt files under very specific 
conditions
Have you seen the release of your important documents on our blog?
ok, enjoy leaking files on your blog. Our 
clients have no problems with decrypting files, you need to listen to 
negotiators less and then you will have no problems
and why are you writing here?
It's good that you contacted us yourself. 
Look, we are a serious organization and every month Avaddon General 
Decryptor is bought by hundreds of clients and there are no problems 
with decryption. Those comments that you read can be written by anyone, 
even people who have never worked with us, in order to lower our 
reputation. But this is pointless, since thousands of customers who 
bought our decryptor will refute information about the about poor 
performance ability of our software.
If we do not agree on a price for the 
buyback and you do not pay, then we will wait until you fully restore 
your entire online infrastructure and we deliver a SECOND IMPACT, and 
believe me, this blow will be more destructive, you will lose a lot more
 money and get more problems. as there will be a second wave of data 
leakage which will be measured by terabytes of data. We are ready to 
discuss the new price with you and remove your company data from our 
data breach blog. After payment, we will give you a decryptor that will 
decrypt absolutely all PCs / servers on your network, delete the files 
(we will provide proofs that the files have been deleted) and provide 
you with a list of vulnerabilities, with the help of this list you can 
eliminate all the vulnerabilities in your network and this situation 
cannot happen again with you in the future
In what sense will I be your consultant?
Look, you could write to us right away, we 
would have settled this issue and you resumed your work a few weeks ago,
 but for some reason you did not want to do this ... Yes sir, 
vulnerabilities are found every day, but there were many holes in your 
network, we are ready to point you to them and tell you what to do so 
that they are closed, we will help you secure your network and if in the
 future you keep our advice it will be practically impossible to crack, 
but You will receive instructions on how to close the holes and secure 
your network only after payment. We understand that financial losses are
 possible in your business now and we understand perfectly well what 
will happen if we deliver the SECOND IMPACT, the second blow will mean 
an absolute collapse for you. We do not want to do this (we even reduced
 the price for you from 1kk to 200k), but we will have to if we do not 
now agree with you on the price for the buyback. Make a meeting with the
 management or people who are responsible for finances in your company, 
explain to them the current situation and what awaits you in the future,
 if we do not agree on the price for the ransom and offer us your price,
 we are waiting for an answer from you, because time is ticking, and for
 you, time is money.
