Hello and welcome to Hive.
How may I help you?
Hello! Waiting for your decision, otherwise I will be forced to raise the price if ignored and put your information on my information auction.
hi
How may I help you?
We don't care about your company files, we don't care about that, we're only interested in profit. This is business. Are you ready to make a deal?
Decrypting your server and removing stolen confidential files from your servers costs you $200,000 in bitcoins.
After payment, you will receive:

1) Transcription software
2) Promise of non-disclosure
3) Access to storage of decrypted files
4) Security report 

 To convince you to pay, we can make calls to your customers to notify them of the incident.
If you are willing to cooperate, I will give you some files to confirm, but it does not matter, as it is silly to think that we have not downloaded anything when big money is being decided. You can read public news and our publications to be sure of our words http://hiveleakdbtnp76ulyhi52eag6c6tyc3xw7ez7iqy6wc34gd2nekazyd.onion/
lacveeam1.lac.[redacted].com
MDVTSQL1
lacsql2012.lac.[redacted].com
SQLCLUSTER02
lacwsus.lac.[redacted].com
CIFSFTPDATA What files from these hosts are you interested in? Maybe you are interested in other hosts, tell me the name of the host
I don't know which hosts your data was downloaded from. We took only those files that were of interest and could be sold to third parties. Typically, customer data, databases, financial reports, corporate email archives and other classified and confidential data related to the company's activities (technological developments, blueprints, drug clinical trials, software codes, etc.) are downloaded.
We selected several random files from the downloaded repository and attached to the panel. You can watch it.
I have decrypted both files
hi
We have uploaded a list of all your files that we have. You can see them in the panel.
Yes, the files will be revealed here on the site. We will also study them in more detail and post them on other forums. You should understand that this information can get to intruders.
ok
These both files contain sensitive info. I will not disclose them to you before payment. Choose another files or I can upload them to you truncated
We are well-known organization and our decryptor works. Otherwise you would able to read about any issues with other companies which are hundreds.
Upload any other files and a corresponding key(s) without any important info in them.
I already decrypt these two last files you uploaded, but I can't send you them to you due to sensitive info inside
So you will be able to do the same right after you'll purchase the decryption software
We will answer you a little bit later.
I have uploaded shorten files
The price is not a subject to discuss.
The price of $ 200,000 was announced at the very beginning of the negotiations. After that, you continued negotiations, specifying all the necessary information for you. thereby you agreed to the announced amount. You didn't just waste your time on this, did you? Your company look can afford this amount and you know it. We did not overstate the cost, the price is optimal for you. I ask you to make a decision and make a payment as soon as possible. Then we will fulfill all the stated conditions immediately.
I fully understand you. I understand what a difficult situation you are in. And for this reason, I will help you, I agree to $ 170,000. I will ask you to also help me and make the payment quickly.
After payment you will get:

1) The decryption software
2) Promise of non-disclosure
3) Access to exfiltrated files storage
4) Security report
Yes, our wallet  [redacted]
Wait a little bit. We'll get to step 1 soon.
3) Access to exfiltrated files storage
 mega.nz  login megashara@onionmail.org
Password  [redacted]
4) Security report 
https://dropmefiles.net/en/[redacted]
