Welcome.  Your Servers have been 
encrypted by us. To decipher and restore the  functionality of your 
network, you have to pay us $1,000,000 in Bitcoin.  Additionally I 
inform you that we have about a million files from your  servers 
concerning your patients. As well as contracts with partners and  
confidential agreements. Medical histories, doctor's appointments,  
prescriptions, ultrasound images, and personal data. In the event that  
you do not pay the ransom, this data will be published in our public  
blog. The amount of $ 1,000,000 is not big for your company. We did not 
 put a high price, because we respect health care. We offer to solve  
everything quickly and without too much noise. You pay, we give you a  
decryptor and destroy your data from our servers
We  know you're a commercial company. 
Which makes money. Your company's  revenue is over seven hundred million
 dollars. You can stop the attack  and be calm by paying just one 
million dollars. In case of refusal, we  will take further pressure 
steps. We will contact your partners. Let's  lay out some of the data 
about your patients. Info about covid  vaccination. Covid passports. And
 the price can be increased.
https://www.zoominfo.com/c/centre-hospitalier-sud-francilien/426480031
You already losemore then 50ml revenue. You have only one way. Pay us fast to stop this. Or price can be increased.
We strongly advise you to complete your
 transaction with us as soon as possible. As soon as we receive payment 
we will immediately give you a decryptor. And the attack will be 
stopped. And the details of your partners and clients will not be made 
public. That's the only way. Nothing personal. Simple business.
Je pense que vous savez, avec ce que 
vous détenez et que vous comprenez que c'est impossible pour nous de 
payer la somme demandée >>> Find the way to solve this problem.
 Every day you lose your money clients and reputation. That is why to 
solve this problem in your best interest je ne comprends pas votre 
comportement, où sont donc passées vos valeurs? votre éthique? 
>>>You get the money from your clients you do not anythink 
FREE! Now you face with our world reality. Next time pay attention your 
internet security
Since we do not yet see from you an 
adequate attitude to the situation and readiness to pay. We will begin 
to prepare letters for your clients and partners. And also we will begin
 to prepare a public blog for your company. We have a lot of your 
interesting date. Including also correspondence from mail servers. We 
give you time until 30.08 inclusive. In order to settle everything 
quickly and quietly. If by this time we don't start talking about 
payment. Then we will be forced to act further.
fr.jpg
0.97MB

Just look at this. Its only for u. For exemple.
We know your situation no one of your 
pacient will not die, all what you want to restore your data and do not 
have data leak you have to pay money for this
Looking at our communication,we 
conclude that we are reaching a dead end. If we do not come to agreement
 to wensday we start making a public blog with your stolen data
Welcome. To decrypt this file, we will 
need to wait for a technician. Decoding of small files is possible in 
automatic mode. Try to find a file of the desired size on your NAS. You 
should definitely have them there. After payment, you get a decryptor 
for all your files. Including your NAS and your virtual machines. We all
 want this case to end quickly and quietly. You can also find out 
information about us on the Internet. The companies we work with always 
get what they pay for.
https://tempsend.com/afgxk
Btw if you will not  pay 1 000 000 usd  till 30.08 the price will be 10 000 000 usd as in your public statement
bc1qwwym65pfw864lmt9e6v3f5hv08p4v4yqp49fsn you have to pay test payment to this btc adress
1 $
Hello. Yes, your time comming to the end. Are you ready to pay?
We expect you to pay $1,000,000 in 
Bitcoin (49 BTC) to the address above. After payment, you will receive a
 decryptor for all your files and virtual machines. We will also delete 
all information about customers and partners stolen from you from our 
servers after payment. Right now you have to make a test payment 1$ 
after that you need write us.
bc1qwwym65pfw864lmt9e6v3f5hv08p4v4yqp49fsn
BTC adress
Ok, wait.
1661980198_CHSFVW050-ctk.7z
1.02kB
Welcome. During this time, we did not 
see any test or main payment from you.  We have provided you with all 
the evidence that we can and are ready to help you. You received the 
file. Talk to your boss. We need specific deadlines for receiving 
payments from you.  In case you do not set us a deadline we will start 
making public blogs with your date.  We will also continue to attack 
your clinic. It's all dragging on for too long.  Our boss is not happy 
with this situation. If you do not solve it in the near future you will 
feel serious consequences.
http://lockbitapt2d73krlbewgv27tquljgxr33xbwwsp6rkyieto7u4ncead.onion/post/CcZwzmJObnllfPLb631894526d239
Now this blog is available for viewing 
only for you!  If you do not give an answer on the exact date of payment
 of the ransom, we will start mailing as well as calls to all partners, 
patients and employees, then the blog will become public.
