Hello
if you want decrypt, you'd better start a dialogue
Send me some encrypted files, I will decrypt them for free.
I see you're not in rush having business with us. I don't think it's in your interest to be penalized for that.
If you keep quiet  I will start to leak your data
wait for test decrypt
i'll provide you some proofs of stolen data soon
vm files are not allowed for test  decrypt, just not important files like .log file
while i'm preparing proof for you let's talk about business
you need to pay 8 million doolars to get decription software and deleating stolen data
it's a good price for your company
decryption software works with all files but we have rules and for trial decrypt vm files are not allowed
of course
I'll come back later with proofs
.vmx impossible free decrypt
File: [decrypted_key.rar]
File: [1.png]
File: [3.png]
File: [5.png]
File: [4.png]
File: [2.png]
File: [1.7z]
File: [1.7z]
get a move on, 3 days already gone and i don't see your offers
no
check this list and lets talk about business
Your time is almost up.
choose 3 of thees files
File: [files (1).7z]
here you go
Stop stalling, I want to see numbers from you, otherwise I am preparing a press release.
you have 6 hours to give me answer
Before encrypting any network we do deeply study them. We know how much you can pay.
I don't really want to keep this conversation  What do you want? Give me your offer
I still want to see your offer. Well maybe we need to prepare a blog post for you and close this chat. I can't decide
Because it semms you don't want to make a deal and waisting time
the blog private now, i just want you know that i'm not joking with you
The amount is nothing for such a company. You have a time until tomorrow to make a real offer. Otherwise I will put a blog to a public page.
What was you doing last week? You just wasting my time. You see my price
today i will public your blog, tomorrow i will start to upload your data for public access.
i'm not interested in 500k$
i dont want to answer questions, a want to see real offer. show me what you got
btw discount possible just if you pay on this week
8m $ is very realistic number for your company. i can give you discount 10% just if you pay this week. This is a good result of your work.
any update?
hurry up
I can't access that amount
I see you're not impressed an effect of our blog post. Tomorrow the blog will be available again with. I don't care if it will not increase the offer but at least next time the recovery company will make things faster
so what?
are you ready to pay right now?
first of all it's your words
"If you publish us again, it will have no more impact that your publication already did. "
second thing ufter using "fucking" your price is 5 million and it's your last price
I warned you several times, you thing that you can do what you want. probably no.
you know the price, work on it.
