Hello.
I think you understand what situation you are in, you have 2 options for the development of events, the first is that you start cooperating with us, pay the amount we need, get the decryptor program, we delete the files stolen from you. Either you keep silent and refuse us and we will start publishing the personal data of your customers, you have a fairly extensive database.
little sample from your database export, https://oshi.at/iEbH
did you get our example? let's say we have more than 1 TB, we will issue all the rest of the information after payment.
the decryption price for you is 1.400.000$ after payment, we will immediately issue you a decryptor, a list of databases stolen from you, and also their removal.
One sample is enough. Think about payment, you have little time, our patience is running out.
We will gradually publish the files downloaded from you, first unloading from the databases, then the databases themselves, then the files. You have a price, think. This price also includes the decryptor program.
Regarding the relevance of the data, it is strange that fresh dates are registered there, specifically in the first database that is ready for publication.
Wait for your offers.
You were given one example, that's enough, our task is to show you that we have something, and then think for yourself. I'm listening to your payment suggestions.
Good.
We are open to negotiations about the price, we have given everything you need. Files will not be opened until publication.
Think about your reputation, you have money, pay and keep customer data safe.
Good luck. Get well.
You still have 3 days to think about your clients and make us an offer based on the data we gave you.
File: [4.png]
One of the bases that is ready for publication on Monday.
I will go to your meeting and make an offer of one day, 600.000 for everything, and the issue with us is closed. Believe me, we don't usually make such offers.
The initial amount that was billed to your company is 1.400.000, we are ready to meet you and reduce the amount to 600.000 thousand dollars, but this is a one-day offer, after payment you will receive a complete list of the files that we stole from you, we undertake to delete them, and you will also receive a decryptor program that will decrypt all computers that have been attacked on your network.
I've already sent you more than I'm allowed to, and I'm going to meet you. You should work with what you have, if you want to negotiate with us, we are waiting for a new offer from you of a more realistic amount.
Now I will send you a couple more tables from this database.
I will definitely remember this expression. By the way, do not forget about another marbles called the decoder program
https://transfer.sh/iEw0MT/client_hist.xls
https://transfer.sh/ogfAkQ/box.xls
When you download the files, tell me I will delete them.
done.
That's enough, we are waiting for your offer. Everything else after payment.
Then wait for publications, 100.000 does not suit us.
maybe it will be clearer
I don’t know, I think you need to ask Ivan with whom your administrator communicates.
Today is a short day, we are waiting for an offer for payment, then we can talk about the weather.
When we got on [redacted]'s computer, he was in correspondence with Ivan.
After payment, you will receive not only a decryptor and deletion of files, but I will also give you a couple of tips for free on how not to get into such situations. I'm waiting for payment offers.
Waiting for what?
The returns are certainly good, but you have to evaluate the consequences and live with it. This business does not forgive mistakes.
Correctly. How are you feeling ? Is oxygen saturation in the blood normal?
as soon as you are ready for payment, tell me, I will issue the address. Wallets are valid for a limited time.
I need to know the specific time, then I can prepare the wallet.
In addition, if we agree on the terms, then I will delete the post from the blog.
I understand, but we need to come to something, let's say you say that you will pay within 2 days, during which time I will delete the post from the blog and give you the address.
bc1qp5erh27wesmm8sxljg9p39nua02gd02e4cwk2e
I have deleted the blog post and if things get resolved soon I will delete your files from our servers and issue you with a decryptor. If you make the wrong decision, you know the consequences. I'm waiting for you with news.
No, it's up to you, we are not satisfied with this amount.
300.000$, our last offer to you.
In case of refusal, we will gradually publish your files, starting with OTD_CLIENT and OTD_BOX (full export) - https://ibb.co/Ss8tLh2. Next, we will begin to gradually lay out your entire databases. It will definitely hurt your reputation. For the last time, are you sure about your decision?
You can see what I have prepared for publication at this link. http://fqh4kwyk4it3iakg2k6mknglsfrrcuvawhjux3i36j5ocgwicaz7wdad.onion/
I'm starting to post files, all the best.
http://lockbitapt2d73krlbewgv27tquljgxr33xbwwsp6rkyieto7u4ncead.onion/post/9IlY2fpFeC4ml6Ud62cc276550736
The last price is 300.000$ you have 4 hours to make a decision.
Bye
http://lockbitapt2d73krlbewgv27tquljgxr33xbwwsp6rkyieto7u4ncead.onion/post/B2WZ7LY40FmXgY1r62cc3b188a595
Just in case management changes their mind and takes care of the customers.
