hi
do you need decrypt?
we have attacked your corporate network all your 4 TRUST domains
and also all your servers are encrypted inside ESXI
we also stole 250 GB of your data from all 4 of your networks, if our negotiations are unsuccessful, you will face high fines for GDRP
everything is encrypted inside the virtualization of your servers, too, in order to restore all servers, this can be done with our decryptor
price for decrypt, delete your data on our servers,conducting an audit of your cybersecurity company and how we infiltrated you will cost = 4 500 000 USD in BTC
are you interested in the list of files that we stole from you?
10 min
http://lockbitfile2tcudkcqqt2ve6btssyvqwlizbpv5vz337lslmhff2uad.onion/r/2oqRhBeCMe#lNxFt9KkQR6blBzgFQ0GUUxKSbQo6SQJf8xN8yYHqps=
listing here
yes give me name files
yes
wait
File: [Cable Specification Sheets - CTSP-SM8.pdf]
File: [TBS-Sysmap 8 12 2010.pdf]
now I'm moving through the file sharing service
http://lockbitfilzhrvt6eya2lvnp7te4iifzmwybendqclgujqbzu3k4gaid.onion/r/ra7EVq5naF#1VV81qZWUW7DRFlvRRQAjhWZJJiBp/Bsfxuc+90gRR4=
Yes. You can make a test decryption by uploading the file to our portal.
I am notifying you that in a month your decryptor will be deleted forever automatically. and you won't be able to restore your systems.
ok
you can take any small file from your PC and do the test yourself
so that you do not delay the negotiations and there is no action from you, then within 48 hours we will publish your company on our leaks website
we have encrypted you with several types of our software
lockbit 2.0 (red), lockbit black, lockbit esxi version
get your own decriptors for each version, they are convenient for us and you will not have any problems
you can test from the version you found to make a test
yes good
any updates?
send me the file here
File: [insink.txt]
test is working! when will you make the payment?
any updates?
the price is from your income of your all companies! you're not a small company
why are you delaying the negotiations? are you waiting for publicity about your companies? or until the time of the decrypt runs out and he retires?
I am waiting for a serious offer from you closer to our price (I am ready to discuss a discount)
30%
payment for 72 hours discount will be valid
will you have enough time?
have you discussed our offer with the boss?
any updates?
your time is running out soon (discount), as well as you will lose the chance to return everything and get big fines for GTRD
you can write to any chat to us
How much time do you need?
yes, we are making concessions to you on time!
we wait you
how did the board of directors' negotiations go? the time you asked for will soon be over
how much time do you need?
will we be able to fix the amount in bitcoins with you now? due to the high volatility of cryptocurrencies, it is better to fix immediately (for 48 hours)
you will transfer the amount in bitcoins, the amount equivalent to the one we agreed with you, the price of cryptocurrencies often changes and we need to fix the amount that you have to transfer to us
138.5 BTC you need a transaction to us WALLETS
do we fix this amount for 48 hours?
hurry up, we made concessions to you and gave you a discount from our first price
do you have time in our time (48 hours)?
you here?
how much time do you need? we will issue a post about you in the near future! don't try to leave for the weekend!
ok we wait you
any updates?
what news do you have?
ok, since you don't tell us anything, it was decided to create a blog with your companies in our blog in 3-4 hours. we will publish documents and correspondence with you (with a payment timer)
File: [lyonhealy.com-full-listing.rar]
I'm sorry I messed up the chat, it's not for you!
we have issued a block, with a timer and proof that we were in your network! 48 hours to get in touch
http://lockbitapt2d73krlbewgv27tquljgxr33xbwwsp6rkyieto7u4ncead.onion/post/np4U8qdHNfB9QQT363ebf44bea050
the private link is valid for 48 hours, then you will be in our blog, will we delay the payment?
why are you here?
will you be silent as well? are we publishing all your data?
we will also publish this correspondence with you
attached our chat! it will be at the expiration of the timer!
