hi. to decrypt the data and avoid publication you need to pay us. we haven't published your name on our blog yet
soon we will send you a tree of stolen data
need to pay
http://lockbitfilzhrvt6eya2lvnp7te4iifzmwybendqclgujqbzu3k4gaid.onion/r/EmcJ0p6nJv#59UjkgcJ3APksKHGhDXjpNhhXTNkiMXxsVAGPmV7DOA=
250000$
after payment, we will delete your data and provide a decryptor
yes
time to pay now
OK
all the data we took is on this list. when you pay, we will permanently delete it, and decrypt all your systems. the sooner you pay, the sooner it will be over and you will go back to your old life
select some files from the tree, and we will send them
hurry
ok
ok, wait
http://lockbitfile2tcudkcqqt2ve6btssyvqwlizbpv5vz337lslmhff2uad.onion/r/tASrJy1eXM#9fOlbyIxE9fmiNNfZSDfX9PJ19RHcrlhxrJ9/99f7Bg=
password qtuhK4vpjG^fgM5ZRm$psn5mO
OK
You pay
You have the opportunity to make test decryptions
After payment, we will provide you with a decryptor for the entire network, identify vulnerabilities and delete your data
There is a mention on your page, upload a small encrypted file
Please perform the actions faster.Otherwise, we will change the negotiator, and make mentions of your company on the blog.
I know that your goal is to drag out negotiations as long as possible so that we get nervous and agree to a smaller amount. by asking dumb questions you are playing against yourself and risk getting blogged. the test decryptor window is to the left of the chat.
you can say what you want, but we have a lot of experience and we understand everything. each machine has its own ID. for a successful transcription you need to take the file from your PC, with the ID you are logged into the chat! or go to the chat with the ID of the PC from which you take the file for test decryption
You can follow the link to the chat from any PC, take the file from this PC and use the test decryption
send the file, we will decrypt it for you. it should not be an important file, a picture or pdf
ok, wait
File: [inetres.adm.7z]
hurry up! very slow
You sent us the file yourself. Okay. Send us another file
You will do the test yourself faster if you perform the action correctly.Your visiting this chat room once a day does not contribute to the solution.
hurry up
It takes a maximum of 1 hour.We are well aware that you are a representative of the recovery company and want to earn yourself.But in fact you are damaging your clients and yourself as a negotiator
http://lockbitapt2d73krlbewgv27tquljgxr33xbwwsp6rkyieto7u4ncead.onion/post/MM3CQtzq3b0kInv663edf735a5c73
You have time to think about whether to drag out the negotiations further, or pay up and close the matter quietly.
don't care! you won't scare us with this. you've been taking too long, whoever you are. your name will be published first, and then only your details. if you don't pay, others will pay. our patience is over
ok, wait
File: [Quality Management Coordinator 12.1.2017.pdf.7z]
when will you pay?!
Hurry up
If you hope that by delaying negotiations you will lower the price, you are mistaken
it's time to pay
