yes
The price of the decryptor and deletion of your data is $1,000,000 in bitcoins. 285gb of data was stolen. At the moment we haven't published your name to the blog to keep the attack secret, but if you don't pay we will fix it! We know who you are and how much you earn.
Soon we will send you a tree of stolen data
https://www.sendspace.com/filegroup/D3EEdan6%2FdiyCXs%2FnsDKr36E%2Bln%2B7ZqLrVELTtZeNCoC4nKryX7M8RCdOtsKYSYu
No, we're not laughing. Here you can download the stolen data tree. And screenshots of files and folders
Looked?
What list are we talking about?! Hurry up! When will you pay??
If within 24 hours you do not clarify the negotiations, we will post about your company on our blog! And the attack will no longer be secret
How long will it take you?
We'll wait until the end of this week. If there is no progress in the negotiations, we will make a post about the attack
???
You have to be more precise! We will not wait for you indefinitely. Since you yourself do not talk about deadlines, we have announced deadlines, and you must meet them! You have time until the end of this week. If there is no clear information on Monday, the post will be published!
OK. Now let's send!
https://www.sendspace.com/file/u288dg
Looked?
If you bring clarity to the negotiations on Monday, we will act more radically!
Time is running out. What did you decide?!
When will you pay?
I'm the boss. Pay! The price is not determined by chance, we have deliberately approved the redemption amount, and it is not discussed.
You ask us for a discount, but don't tell us how much you're willing to pay. Maybe we're talking about different amounts.
Offer your price
???
There is no minimum and maximum discount. Start with how much money you're willing to pay! If our negotiations drag on, we will speed them up with the publication of a post about the attack.
And if you're also inactively carrying out negotiations, we can also speed them up by publishing them! Or doubling the price! Don't play games with us, we don't like it
It's in your best interest to bring active negotiations and prevent publication in the first place! So far, you're doing the opposite.
If payment is not received by the end of the week, we will publish a post on our blog!
Throughout the negotiations, we did not come to anything! A post will be published tomorrow as a timer, not the data. You negotiate for a very long time and not productively. You don't even try to negotiate a price, and you don't pay the price of the descript and deletion of the data! Speaking of the date at the top of the chat, after 16 days your decryptor will be deleted and you will never decrypt your data. And the stolen data will also be published! Keep in mind, these aren't just threats, we're keeping our promises.
When will you pay?
ok
Ok, we'll wait until Monday.
???
If today we do not hear from you a profitable offer - we will reveal the attack
OK. If this does not happen, the post will be published
Please pay attention to the date above the chat. On this day, your decryptor will be deleted and data recovery will be impossible!
Do you seriously think that this is a decent amount? Is your data worth 25k? Our patience snapped. Wait for the blog post!
We have already listened enough to your empty words. Post published
Why do you go to the chat? You said you wouldn't pay if the post ended up on a blog. So what is the purpose of the visit?
?
Have you looked at the stolen data?
