hi
i'm here
http://lockbitfile2tcudkcqqt2ve6btssyvqwlizbpv5vz337lslmhff2uad.onion/r/Qf1vQvhUFc#4SeWq/sOuiflDvxVX34FQW+Ew2pN4lDmJ7K+lVuDJYY=
tree stolen data
password @fA@KM@YY(X2%Z%tbvHn%re2a
If you have already downloaded it, it is no longer available
the link is not available, did you download the tree or download it again?
Yes, all stolen data
there was a tree of data stolen from us at the link. you can select some files, we will send them to you
Yes, don't delay. time is not playing in your favor. so far we have not reported the attack on our blog
to whom am I speaking?
ok
what does management say?
ok. hurry up
Try to spend them productively, and please us. our patience is not infinite
what can we expect by monday?
ok
Hello. We waited the time you asked for. Now it's time to pay.
http://lockbitfile2tcudkcqqt2ve6btssyvqwlizbpv5vz337lslmhff2uad.onion/r/pLvXayqTYa#qnGb1vVJO5/b3H3+J3GzDDd1/bEQw/aXxx3Qqb745nE=
pass pMjd07L82^VYVexJyF6etQZ31
Hello, it's time to pay.
each machine has its own ID.  In order to decrypt the file you need to take the file from one PC, and go to the chat with the ID of this PC. then the test decrypt will be successful
Also you can send me 5-10 files, I will decrypt it for you
Use this sites File Share: lockbitfile2tcudkcqqt2ve6btssyvqwlizbpv5vz337lslmhff2uad.onion lockbitfilzhrvt6eya2lvnp7te4iifzmwybendqclgujqbzu3k4gaid.onion lockbitfilzu5e62fybhieutf6653cpv6wco7twgjtkqwdgubn4q5rad.onion
File: [1.png]
File: [2.png]
File: [3.png]
File: [smh_installer.log.7z]
File: [WindowsUpdate.log.7z]
You gave me valuable files that can help restore your systems without paying for a decryptor, so I only gave back some of your files, and screenshots of the valuable files.
About 6 gigabytes of data that will supposedly save someone's life, is it one file weighing 6 gigabytes, or is it many files weighing 6 gigabytes in total? Something tells me that you are bluffing and you are doing system recovery and want to get free decryption of critical files needed for recovery. Tell me in detail what the medical equipment is and what the 6 gigabyte files are.
What are these files? What is their function? What medical equipment are these files for? And what does the postal service have to do with medical software? Where is the logic?
If you pretend that you do not believe that the decryptor really works, you can send me 10-20 other less important files, e.g. not related to virtualization systems and not containing RAM dumps, you can send me personal documents, photos, and many other things that do not help you without paying for my postpaid pentest services. If you were really worried about medical equipment, just pay for my work and get a decryptor within 5 minutes. You are making multi-billion dollar profits from your business and don't want to part with the money, don't you think that's odd? It's your greed that makes the people who are waiting for their packages suffer.
You can send me other large files, I will decrypt for you those files that I think are not valuable, that way you can be sure that the decryptor works on large files. Your financial situation is fine, you have a multi-billion dollar turnover, and a huge profit, the sooner you pay, the sooner this whole nightmare will be over for you. If you continue to stretch time I will be forced to publish your information on the blog with an offer to change negotiators, thank you for your understanding.
I'm waiting for the next batch of files to be decrypted. We want as 0.5% of your revenue.
How much your revenue?
We understand you very well, we are all suffering from the global crisis and our income has fallen as much as yours, anyway you are hundreds of times richer than us. 0.5% of annual global turnover is much less than a 4% fine from your government.
$80 million is 0.5% of your revenue, $640 million is 4% of your revenue. We are asking 8 times less than your state. In addition to this price you get a decrypt of your data.
As long as we haven't published any of your files, you can't be fined. If you can negotiate with us, the government will be left without your $640 million. It is much better for you to negotiate with us and continue your very successful business with a long history and impeccable reputation. I personally used the services of your company and was very satisfied. I wouldn't want you to suffer so much from the government.
Ok
My internet does not allow me to download such huge files, my internet speed is 50 kilobytes per second, send me files up to 50-100 megabytes at most. At the same time I can offer you to do the following, I will create a build of the encryptor and give you together with the decryptor, you will encrypt any files on your virtual machine and this way you can check the successful decryption of files larger than 2 gigabytes.
You don't have to worry, thousands of people have successfully decrypted their files for almost four years.
http://lockbitfile2tcudkcqqt2ve6btssyvqwlizbpv5vz337lslmhff2uad.onion/r/8oqC8jKaBN#1EE8yMFqPrjD5q9wrPPejtEpdhWwEUH1OhHx+lm6CAM=
Encrypt any of your computers or virtual machines, any amount or amount of information. Write to me via a note and I will give you a decryptor in a new chat in which you will write to me.
To start the encryption, simply run the file as administrator.
You're bluffing, 800 million is your net profit per year, so 80 million is not that much money for you.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royal_Mail
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon_Thompson_(Royal_Mail)
https://techcrunch.com/2023/01/17/royal-mail-cyberattack-disruption-lawmakers/?guccounter=1&guce_referrer=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbS8&guce_referrer_sig=AQAAAHuwwya8Vr_ETqomIFym90OHoOGvCLlLONYPwCbLmCiF19qs4A2x68Rge0ICtwVtRfnOeQIctYx5A0epfJT5t2u73JkDFGhBtrJFtpwWWlf3Y_Qbxtj8aL5TcfVxyrg_tvh7vJNNb3y9Ex0WXLu5iuj7visZOGG5yE8wufn912Bq
You are a very clever negotiator, I appreciate your experience in stalling and bamboozling, when you are trying to deceive you need to provide evidence for greater credibility, only a fool would believe in the honest word of a lawyer defending his client.
Your seriousness can consist only in a desire to pay 80 million dollars, all other promises of meetings of your management, which allegedly will be held, this is just a tactical move, increasing the time of negotiations calculated that I will be nervous and agree to a smaller amount of money that you will offer. I am ready to wait until Monday, I am sure that your directors have more than 100 million dollars on their personal cryptocurrency wallet, so it will not take much time to finish this nightmare.
If I did not want to make a deal with you, your data would have already been published and the decryptor deleted. I am not forcing you to prove anything, I just kindly asked, refusing to give me such simple information says that you do not intend to cooperate with me honestly and tell me the truth. We are not attacking critical infrastructure, your commercial mail company with dozens of similar competitors is not. If you believe the news that your management is releasing, your mail services are fully restored and you are functioning as you are, humanitarian and medical supplies will be successfully delivered by your competitors, you will just get a little less profit, because you are very greedy and don't want to pay for my services. I'm sure you could easily pay $80 million, your income allows you to do so. If you want a discount, then make a counter offer, we are here to have constructive negotiations, not for me to give you a discount after every bluff you make until you say I'm fine with getting a free decryptor and free removal of stolen information. Any specific offer you make will be considered. You have a chance to make me an adequate payment offer by consulting with your board of directors, whose salaries are in the hundreds of thousands of pounds, but that does not stop them from being very greedy and not making concrete proposals to save the reputation of your commercial company which has more reasonable competitors who have already paid us money and successfully continue to earn new excess profits billions of pounds. Good day gentlemen.
I'm ready to help you, I want to make money just like you, you and I have the same motivation in the form of money, your task is to reduce the price as much as possible, my task is to get the maximum amount. I have shown you that I can handle large files, you can encrypt and decrypt any files you want, why haven't you done that until now? The price is based on a multi-billion dollar company's profits, it's not the case that a company making billions of dollars pays the same price as an ordinary company making tens of millions of dollars. The more profits a company makes, the higher the buyout price, that's the math, you and your board of directors should understand that. Out of respect for you, I'm willing to step up and give you a 12.5% discount.
Ok.
Very long, the company from the UK paid on the second day after the attack because they care more about their business and reputation, strange that for you it is not so important, because you make a lot more money.
Naturally, I asked them for a smaller amount, their revenue is 58 times less than yours, they earn money 58 times less than you, I always ask for a fair and adequate amount from each company, I do not ask for what the company can not pay. Why do you have such a long chain of middlemen? why can't you communicate directly with the director? I will wait until Monday, but I think it is time to end this case. The journalists are asking me why I haven't published your information while I ignore their questions, they really want to see your files.
You need pay.
http://lockbitapt2d73krlbewgv27tquljgxr33xbwwsp6rkyieto7u4ncead.onion/post/TqvYTKKoycawsXyg63e0f8ce66113
You have 50 hours for payment.
I just want to let you know that the data is ready to be published and the decryptor is ready to be deleted. You have had plenty of time to make your decision, your time is up.
Do you have any offer for me?
