Hi, first you better to know where here to help our customers
Also we downloaded 2TB data from your network, we can share samples and proof
You can use trial decryptor to test your sample file
Proof =  https://anonfiles.com/ta73Za07y7/Proof_rar : ASDNAKSDsah9802io13!@19ujioalls
as we know your holding your price is 8M
ASDNAKSDsah9802io13!@19ujioalls
yes, for decryptor and delete your data from our servers for ever
use google
now, almost 345,4
what is you mean?
not its 345
345btc = 8.000.000
its you should pay
yes, the price in dollar is important not in btc! your revenue is 1B dollar
you have Stock Symbol
according to your holding and financial data, its fair price and you can pay that
you mean on your network?
according to dsquery 10102
we know about your insurance too
130.1.22.0/24 130.1.24.0/24 172.16.16.0/24 130.1.171.0/24
also 10.100 range
also \\130.1.24.42\ backup of OS
our locker try to lock all pc in network
tell your active hours in GMT time
we forgot to tell we downloaded all your staff's mailboxes (inbox,sentbox,draft,deleted)
https://anonfiles.com/a3R7a319y9/Emails_rar : SADNASDBikdiah891i
we have detected new price for you.
18M $
why not?
price depends from revenue
18m$ very small price for you
you will lost much more if refuse pay
because you big and rich company
have stock symbol
big company = big ransom, small company = small ransom
no problem simple restore backup and wait leak at our blog
http://lockbitapt2d73krlbewgv27tquljgxr33xbwwsp6rkyieto7u4ncead.onion/
its no matter how many system locked, you are paying both decryptor and data leak prevent
what is your clients offer?
We can give discount if you pay quickly.
yes
They're bluffing.
Apparently the reputation of your company and the value of the stock on the stock exchange are of no value to your client since he is behaving this way.
We negotiate with you, but you do not make any offers, but only bluff, how can we negotiate with you?
Your company's annual revenue is $10 billion, you're trying to lie to me that $18 million is a very large amount for you, it's not serious.
The fact that we hacked your client's company through the IT company that serviced him does not mean that the ransom price should be less, your IT company is not interesting to us, we need the big fish, your client.
I understand that your job as a negotiator is to get the ransom price as low as possible, you are a good negotiator, but in this case you are offering too small an amount for a very large company, the damage we can do to your client is absolutely incomparable to the amount you are offering. It doesn't matter who wins your lawsuit, we are now talking about saving a lot more in lost profits for your client, your client would be much better off paying us the ransom and then suing the IT company and recovering the damages. The company's stock could collapse so badly that your client would lose hundreds of millions of dollars instead of just $18 million. I appreciate the increase in buyout amount from your side and see it as a desire to make a good deal for both of us, but 1 million is absolutely not enough for a company with annual revenues of 10 billion dollars. At the same time to show respect to you as a brilliant negotiator I am ready to make a discount of 3 million dollars, in this way I am ready to completely remove all your stolen data, provide decryption keys, and forget about the fact that you have ever been attacked, our deal will be an absolute secret and no one will ever know about it. It's up to you.
The bottom line is that if you pay me 15 million dollars in 3 days, everyone will be happy.
I am not emotional. I would be happy to see financial documents that you can show me.
Ok
Where net profit?
send in this chat please in archive no more 1 mb
7z or zip or rar
its slow tor
wait and all text will upload
send in this chat, we not go to links
Ok
I need time for checking this info
You're doing insider trading, so I can't give you a discount, it's a criminal offense for your management.
As a person who earns not entirely by legal means, I am sympathetic to the desire to make money, so I'm ready to keep this secret between us if you will not be greedy and give me 15 million.
Also, you are bluffing by understating your net income, your net income in March was $16 million and that is only one month, your stock is up 8% today, your business is booming, I think you should not be greedy, and be reasonable by making a deal with me.
what you mean? send screenshot please
I not understand you
login in victim chat in 1 window
if you open 1 ID in two browser you may have problem
Ok
I fix bug with chat, press F5 and you will see all message
Insider trading means that big fish are breaking the law and making money by dumping and dumping their stock on the exchange.
Your time to decide is coming to an end, we are beginning preparations to publish your 2 terabytes of corporate data on our blogs.
http://lockbit7z2jwcskxpbokpemdxmltipntwlkmidcll2qirbu7ykg46eyd.onion/
The correspondence between us will be as published as in this example.
http://lockbitapt2d73krlbewgv27tquljgxr33xbwwsp6rkyieto7u4ncead.onion/post/L107zTa4UccNfDp562d695f5bdbf0
Also, you should know that after all of your information is published, the price of redemption will double and will be 30 million dollars.
Other companies paid a lot more than you, the thing is that all reasonable companies always pay quietly and quickly and no one knows about what they paid, because our deal is kept absolutely secret, with a successful transaction absolutely all traces of negotiations and all company data is removed, no one can know about the real amounts of payments companies except me, for example recently the company from NASDAQ paid 70 million dollars and its annual turnover was only 6 billion dollars, so each company is unique and the amount of the ransom is assigned depending on the value of the data we possess.
In this case, your client's company earns more than $15 million in net profit every month, this is the information that is contained in public sources, but your client knows that this is not all of his income, there are certain income that he hides from the tax police. Let that remain our little secret.
I appreciate your client's generosity and the fact that he increased the amount to two million, but just so you understand it is such a paltry sum for him that he earns it in one day.
I doubt that the ratio of losing the company or a huge part of the stable income of the company is worth 1 day of work of the company, in my opinion it is at least stupid and not rational.
Your client as a businessman knows how to assess risks, and the cost/benefit ratio, the damage from our attack is guaranteed to be more costly than $15 million.
Due to the rules of good manners, I am ready to bargain and also reduce the price to 14 million dollars.
13.500.000$  is the best we can do for you.
If your company's reputation isn't worth the money, we can't do the deal.
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/lockbit-victim-estimates-cost-of-ransomware-attack-to-be-42-million/
I think this article will help your client think with his head better. Atento was also very greedy, ended up paying many times more only not to us anymore.
Companies regularly pay us amounts and more, nothing unusual.
There is no technical possibility to decrypt only 3 servers, your company is encrypted with one key, if I give you a decryptor, then you decrypt absolutely all the computers in the network.
If you want to make a transaction between us, you will find the opportunity to buy cryptocurrency. A lot of individuals sell cryptocurrency, you can buy cryptocurrency for cash including, Korea is famous for its cryptomillionaires. If you want to make a transaction between us, you will find the opportunity to buy cryptocurrency. So many individuals sell cryptocurrency, you can buy cryptocurrency for cash including, Korea is famous for its crypto millionaires. Various companies around the world including even third world countries somehow managed to buy cryptocurrency, and you living in a country where every person has 3 higher education, in a country where the total mass of the population is the smartest people, can't handle it? I don't believe in such a thing?
No one can ever forbid the director of your company to buy any amount of cryptocurrency with his personal earned money. In addition, you can use the anonymous cryptocurrency Monero, transactions in this currency are not tracked in the blockchain and your prosecutor's office will never know anything.
The prosecutor's office will be much happier studying 2 terabytes of your data than some cryptocurrency transactions on the Internet.
You are mistaken.
Id consists of 32 characters, the first 16 characters is part of the public key that encrypts your data, the second part consists of the second 16 characters is a random set of data that has nothing to do with encryption keys, the second 16 characters are needed to ensure that no one can get into our chat, so we achieve a private conversation.
If you are not sure if the decryptor works, you can collect 10-20 files from different computers, I will decrypt them for free.
But you will receive the universal decryptor only after paying the full amount.
If you are afraid to transfer the whole amount you can split it into several payments, for example make 7 payments to different wallets of 2 million dollars.
Payment can be made within a week, 1 day - 2 million, so you can pay less noticeably for your favorite procrustean.
I don't understand you.
Do you want to restore some very valuable file such as a database for a test? it is not possible. You can collect from the whole company not very valuable documents which are of no particular value, moreover after decrypting these files I will check their contents that they are of no value and only after that I will give them to you.
Of course not, then you would have no desire to pay the full amount, you are trying to deceive me and decipher the most important data
Yes, I don't mind going out of my way to help you keep our deal a secret from the police and prosecutors, they are always sticking their noses where they don't need to and want to collect more taxes. Moreover, you can divide the amount into any numbers, not necessarily an even value of 500 thousand or 1 million or 2 million, you can use a random number generator and make many random payments to many purses, for example to 1 purse you can send 563 thousand dollars, to 2 purse 435 thousand dollars, as convenient and safe for you.
You can be absolutely sure that your data is safe, all data will be destroyed, no one will ever know about our attack on you and that we had a deal, after I provide you with proof of removal of all your information and you decrypt all your data we will delete this chat room and you will continue to prosper and make hundreds of millions of dollars.
You are very lucky that you were attacked by us, we are the largest faction in the world and always take responsibility for their words, for us reputation is as important as for you. If we ever cheated even one person, no one would pay us in the future.
I don't understand you.
Paraphrase, tell me more about what you want.
I told you that's not possible because then you wouldn't pay the full amount, you would decrypt critical files for you.
I can demonstrate that the decryptor works on a few dozen files taken from any computer in your network, this is enough to know that the decryptor works successfully.
We can remove data in installments, decryptor for the whole network only after paying the full amount.
No need to cheat, all files on the network are encrypted with the same locker, all of them are decrypted equally successfully.
If your client feels more comfortable, we can encrypt the test bench and then decrypt it in front of him.
Prepare your computer for the encryption and decryption test, I will give you two programs, one which encrypts and one which decrypts. Your client will make sure that everything works successfully and with peace of mind will pay us.
File: [encryptor.exe.7z]
encrypt any PC of your client or virtual machine, then write to new chat with new ID from test PC and I give you free decryptor for this PC
In this way your client will make sure that the decoder works and that there are no problems.
Yes, this will be done after payment.
Do I look like a fool who will give you a decryptor for backups? stop this cycr.
I mean, I don't have a decryptor for the 1st id, either all id or nothing.
You can check this on a test computer, encrypt several computers, I will give you a decryptor for 1 computer but with it you can decrypt all computers.
Your time is running out, we are starting to upload your data to the blog for publication.
If you want to stop publishing, make a payment of $13,500,000 to this bitcoin wallet bc1qnhgmuz5kdjn5rqjhayn9n8e8lvumjjpnnjdczz
How much time you need?
File: [DECRYPTOR(LB BLACK) [735CE278DEF3F2F130C32518DD8D63CA].zip]
This is decryptor for test
http://lockbitaptc2iq4atewz2ise62q63wfktyrl4qtwuk5qax262kgtzjqd.onion/post/dpGGTXwJUYMy8cTW63002f8b14b9c
http://lockbitaptc2iq4atewz2ise62q63wfktyrl4qtwuk5qax262kgtzjqd.onion/post/YuaHw5WwiDNtpIgU63001d322ed54
If you do not pay the ransom in the near future, you will be treated in the same way by greedy companies.
Minute?
We started a DDoS attack on your site.
Any news or we can publish your 2tb ?
?
?
