Hello. Tell me please your name?
We provide a complete file tree only after payment of the redemption fee. Right now we can give you a partial list of no more than 10%
$6,000,000 is the price.
You can better.
I can give you decryptor in 1 click
Simple sent to my wallet $6m usd
You are bluffing
Your financial documents that were stolen by us tell us that you have a lot more money than you claim, I think the IRS would love to see your documents.
It will be better for you if you just pay and we leave our attack in secret.
You can see all the documents in our brilliant blog, you can also see how greedy people can be and how much money they lose by refusing to pay a relatively small amount of their income
http://lockbitapt2d73krlbewgv27tquljgxr33xbwwsp6rkyieto7u4ncead.onion/post/dpGGTXwJUYMy8cTW63002f8b14b9c
Example
Give us a realistic amount and we can settle this quickly.
try mirrors
http://lockbitapt2yfbt7lchxejug47kmqvqqxvvjpqkmevv4l3azl3gy6pyd.onion/
http://lockbitapt34kvrip6xojylohhxrwsvpzdffgs5z4pbbsywnzsbdguqd.onion/
http://lockbitapt5x4zkjbcqmz6frdhecqqgadevyiwqxukksspnlidyvd7qd.onion/
http://lockbitaptc2iq4atewz2ise62q63wfktyrl4qtwuk5qax262kgtzjqd.onion/
It's not enough.
$6m
tapcocu.org?
$6m
Total revenues $19,621,065 2019 Yearly growth 2.9% % of revenues n/a 20152016201720182019$13m$17m Total expenses $15,846,289 2019 Yearly growth 2.4% % of expenses n/a 20152016201720182019$11m$13m$15m Total assets $394,852,832 2019 Yearly growth 5.5% % of assets n/a 20152016201720182019$0.3b$0.4b$0.4b Num. employees 110 2019 Yearly growth 6.8%
We started a DDoS attack on your site.
As of now it is not possible to authorize on your site.
Are you saying that the net profit per year is $200,000?
I don't believe you make 200,000 a year, that's a lie.
its normal
we in tor and under ddos 24\7\365
we attack hundreds of companies like you, there are many who don't like us)
Ok no problem, transfer me 6 million and we'll make a deal right now, everyone will be happy.
Total assets $394,852,832
What kind of reasonable price can we talk about if you lie to me in every word?
Since you are a credit organization because of our attack all your clients will stop trusting you, your business will be destroyed, this is what our pricing policy is related to, each company has an individual approach, you can never agree with me for 50 thousand dollars, if you have no more money do not write me anymore.
Ask something of the director of your credit organization, whether he wants to preserve the reputation of his company or whether he better start thinking about creating a new company.
Thanks for the dialogue, I have 3 prostitutes coming to see me, I have to leave you. Have a good day.
This is still not a sufficient amount, you are being brazen and clearly misleading me, but I take into account your step to meet and am also ready to give you a discount of up to $ 5.500.000.
If you had stopped lying to me and wanted to save your business then you would have stopped the ddos attack and decrypted your network in 5 minutes.
In connection with a ddos attack you try to change the source code of your website and the entire authorization page including post data, this will not help you, you open new vulnerabilities that will allow other hackers to easily download all the data from your website, thus you only make yourself worse, once your customers' data is published you can forget about your business, no one will ever trust you. Stop, don't make a stupid step, your assets are more than 300 million dollars, your director will not get poorer if he pays me 5.500.000. Do not be greedy, save your priceless reputation and business, in banking there is nothing more valuable than a reputation, your reputation you have earned over many years and lose in an instant.
It will take some time, yes I can do it if you are willing to wait.
Then let this organization know that it's time to take your money, your time is up.
The best I can do for you is 5 million
Voice your decision, it's time to publish your data.
Tell your board that the price will not go below 5 million, please give me their answer as soon as possible.
I also negotiate in good faith, but I can't do it forever; my time is very expensive. When I see that negotiations are deadlocked and you do not hear me, there is no point in continuing negotiations. We are not in the Arab market to bargain here for 100-200 thousand dollars. You and I have serious businesses, we earn millions of dollars, the reputation of your business is priceless and can not be worth less than 5 million, if your leadership is adequate and understands that the business had to close, they will pay 5 million, if you are willing to close your business, enjoy your 5 million and do not pay me.
The amount of ransom is always individual and depends on different factors, annual income, profit, quality of network encryption, quantity of stolen data, quality of stolen data, availability of dirt, violations of the law and more. In my blog there is no credit organization that gives loans to people, what do you think is the reason for this?
I'm going for a boat ride soon, if you want to close the deal right now let me know back soon. Thank you.
I cannot accept your amount. I'm sorry.
The best I can do for you is 5 million
Yes I can
File: [1.7z]
File: [2.7z]
File: [3.7z]
File: [4.7z]
File: [9.png]
Since all your files do not have names but are simply numbered for better security and handling and use of special programs, I made screenshots of some random files for you.
Because of this policy of naming files it is hard to find the most valuable and compromising files of your company, but I was able to find a file that describes your money and the money of your investors, this amount exceeds 500 million dollars, so this once again confirms that you are evading taxes and 1% of this amount for me and keeping our secrets will be a perfectly fair amount.
Hi, you're trying to trick me again, once again, the minimum possible ransom amount is $5 million. Judging by your documents you regularly violate tax laws and evade taxes, you understate your profits, although in fact it is much higher, you are engaged in money laundering, this is the first thing. Secondly as soon as all this becomes public, none of your investors will not trust you with money for your business, as well as the reputation as a credit institution will be forever and irrevocably ruined, your competitors will be very happy to download all the loan agreements and lure your clients to themselves, so please stop pissing in my ears, pay 5 million dollars and let's go as ships at sea in peace.
$5,000,000 is the price.
http://lockbitapt2d73krlbewgv27tquljgxr33xbwwsp6rkyieto7u4ncead.onion/post/IkGuYqjqKZ5KB0nV63153472ed56e
I am tired of your lies, you have 21 hours to pay, after the timer expires all your information will be published publicly.
Before you send $5 million to my wallet, send a $1 test payment please.
bc1qyuunv9pz6f4qpgd0c0wmenu9zhr6u57yjf4afd bitcoin wallet
Good luck
5 million is a realistic figure for you and it is not up for discussion. Pay up or you will lose your business.
Talk to the board about 1 percent of your $500 million, you have three hours left.
I don't believe you.
bc1qyuunv9pz6f4qpgd0c0wmenu9zhr6u57yjf4afd bitcoin wallet to extend the timer by 1 day
Send me $1,000.
Public information is fake, the real information is contained in your documents, I have thousands of your documents, all documents do not have file names, if you tell me the document number in which your real reporting is contained it will be easier for us to check the information and compare it with public fake reports.
File: [bluff1.png]
You're a filthy liar, your net profit per month is $3-4 million dollars, that's just the information I could find now in one of your documents
File: [bluff2.png]
non-interest income another 5 million a month
The price for you will not be lower than $5 million. This conversation with you is over.
I hope the IRS will properly deal with your company after leaking these documents.
And put in jail your management who reports three million a year
Goodbye.
Why are you pretending to be an idiot? I gave you the documents that prove that your company has a hidden untaxed net profit of 4-5 million a month!
Okay, my boss agrees to $4 million.
Ok my boss agrees to 1 million, only if you send it today, here is the bitcoin wallet, bc1qyuunv9pz6f4qpgd0c0wmenu9zhr6u57yjf4afd
1 million just for the decryption keys. All other items are paid separately and will cost 3 million.
Yes. You will receive a decryptor in 1 confirmation on the bitcoin network.
I live in New York City. My time is now 2:55 p.m., you have until 12 a.m. to make the transfer if you want to take advantage of the discount.
It would be easier if I told you that you have 10 hours to transfer the money.
1 million dollars just a decryptor.
All other requests for an additional fee.
Getting a tree of downloaded files from your network, deleting those files, not allowing those files to be published on our blog separately $1 million.
Information about how we entered your network, as well as other vulnerabilities separately 1 million dollars.
What else do you want?
You don't have much time left, should I wait for your money today or not?
I confirm wallet.
Yes. Correct.
Did you have any difficulty deciphering it?
Run decryptor as Administrator
Show me screenshot, it's impossible.
strange folder name "samples_from_mn-dc003"
I think it is because the user does not have enough rights to change the system files in the system folders. There are two variants here, either try to run the decryptor with different permissions, e.g. from the system or another administrator, or copy the files to the desktop and decrypt them.
I also need to know the model of the operating system on which you are observing this problem, I will do lab work and try to reproduce the situation.
Also please give me the MD5 hash sum of your decryptor
Maybe the decryptor got corrupted during the download.
Yes
Please make a video recording as you decrypt, hundreds of companies successfully decrypt their data and only you allegedly encountered difficulties, it seems to me that you are lying as you like to do it.
It is very interesting to see your video.
I am also very curious why in your created log file there is no file in the folders that you stated, and gave a screenshot, such as program files
It would be interesting to see in the videos how you create the log file and how you try to decrypt the many files in the program files folder and others.
You keep ignoring my questions, I'm waiting for a video of you getting the log file and trying to decrypt files that are in the system folders. Like the program files, for example
I'll ask you to edit your video faster, I'm already getting tired of this circus.
While you are in the business of tampering with evidence I will ask you just one question, will you pay to have your information removed or can I already publish the stolen information and our correspondence?
Why are you copying encrypted files into the system folders and trying to decrypt them? You told me that you cannot decrypt files that were already in the system folders, not the ones you are copying there.
I sent you some files, from the file tree makes no sense, all files have only ordinal numbers and have no names.
Price is not negotiable, either you pay 1 million or not pay, make a decision today please.
You're trying to trick me, I've known that for a long time, but I wondered what ridiculous evidence you'd provide.
$recycle.bin;config.msi;$windows.~bt;$windows.~ws;windows;appdata;application data;boot;google;mozilla;program files;program files (x86);programdata;system volume information;tor browser;windows.old;intel;msocache;perflogs;x64dbg;public;all users;default
WHITE FOLDERS
The encryption tool never encrypts the data contained in these folders.
You lied to me from the beginning and made up every flaw in the decoder.
So I'm not going to believe your nonsense about a non-functional decryptor. Any files you send me you changed in the hex editor to fuck with my head.
bc1qyuunv9pz6f4qpgd0c0wmenu9zhr6u57yjf4afd
You have one day to pay for the deletion of the data, you filthy liar.
Pay and I will give you a list of files as soon as you pay.
I told you, your files have no names, there are only numbers instead of file names, the file tree makes no sense. I can let you download all your files after paying $1 million.
