support: Price for you is 74btc.
You need to pay this amount and we will give you decrypt tool for all
your machines, security report on how you were hacked, file tree on what
we have downloaded from your network and wiping log of that
information.
Take into consideration that we have downloaded a lot of data from your
network that in case of not payment will be published on public news
website and sold on the black-markets. We remove it after payment and
wiping log is provided as well. To start a business we offer you to
make payment in two stages. What amount you can pay today?
Support: In the event that you
and we do not reach a consensus, we will start publishing and selling
your private information very soon. Please keep us writing notifying how
it is going if there is still no success, so we understand that you are
still with us.
Support: We could give you
discount if you pay shortly. Also you should remember that we own all
corporate data, including personal info of the employees, clients data,
emails chats and etc. If you do not pay us, we will start to publish and
sell that data. Think about your reputation.
Support: We think that you are
not completely aware of the seriousness of the situation. In the event
of a further delay, we will be able to use information resource
https://continews.best and will start to sell you private data on the
black markets.
We will publish the full dump of your data on our news website with
1,000 visitors per day, 50% of them are mass media reporters and
regulators, the other part is blackhat hackers. We are not interested in
this, and we gain nothing from data publication, that is why we are
offer you a deal.
1) your clients data will be used by criminals
2) your clients will fill lawsuit against you
3) government regulators will fine you for data breach, if you have in
clients at least one EU resident then you will be also fined by EU
government by GDPR law with millions of dollars of fine or permit ban
for working with EU citizents. US has the similar laws, but they are not
so costly, however the total cost will exceed the asked amount from
you, so our offer is the best deal for you to resolve this issue.
Support: Look to the leaked info
https://continews.best so you understand how full dump looks like and
you could estimate your losses carefully, we have more 7 big companies
waiting in queue to be published, do not get traped into this list.
We need your decision today or you will be published.
Support: Well we start to
publish your data. Here is the web link:
https://continews.best/[redacted]
If you want to stop that process you have last chance for that.
Otherwise the most valuable part of info will be sold on the black
markets and the the rest will be published. Private data of your
employees and clients is under the risk, you have to think about it.
Support: HI
Price for you is 69btc. You need to pay this amount and we will give you decrypt tool for all your machines, security report on how you were hacked, file tree on what we have downloaded from your network and wiping log of that information.
Take into consideration that we have downloaded a lot of data from your network that in case of not payment will be published on public news website and sold on the black-markets. We remove it after payment and wiping log is provided as well. To start a business we offer you to make payment in two stages. What amount you can pay today?
Support: In the event that you and we do not reach a consensus, we will start publishing and selling your private information very soon. Please keep us writing notifying how it is going if there is still no success, so we understand that you are still with us.
Support: We think that you are not completely aware of the seriousness of the situation. In the event of a further delay, we will be able to use information resource https://continews.best and will start to sell you private data on the black markets.
We will publish the full dump of your data on our news website with 1,000 visitors per day, 50% of them are mass media reporters and regulators, the other part is blackhat hackers. We are not interested in this, and we gain nothing from data publication, that is why we are offer you a deal.
1) your clients data will be used by criminals
2) your clients will fill lawsuit against you
3) government regulators will fine you for data breach, if you have in clients at least one EU resident then you will be also fined by EU government by GDPR law with millions of dollars of fine or permit ban for working with EU citizents. US has the similar laws, but they are not so costly, however the total cost will exceed the asked amount from you, so our offer is the best deal for you to resolve this issue.
Support: Well we start to publish your data. Here is the web link:
https://continews.best/[redacted]
If you want to stop that process you have last chance for that. Otherwise the most valuable part of info will be sold on the black markets and the the rest will be published. Private data of your employees and clients is under the risk, you have to think about it.
Support: We gave the price. It is just beginning. We have much more data which will be posted or sold on the black markets.
Support: In the event that you and we do not reach a consensus, we will keep publishing and selling your private information very soon. Please keep us writing notifying how it is going if there is still no success, so we understand that you are still with us.
Support: We posted you, because you stopped to response. We do not like wasting of time. You know the price, moreover we could you give discount 10BTC. So total price is 59BTC. Also you should not forget that the most valuable part of data will be sold to the black hat hackers.
Support: We have a lot of your data from more then 90 servers and 500 desktops. Hurry up, it is a lot of private data. Otherwise we will start to look for clients on it and the price will raise.
Support: In the event that you and we do not reach a consensus, we will start publishing and selling your private information very soon. Please keep us writing notifying how it is going if there is still no success, so we understand that you are still with us.
Support: Copy of [redacted] July 2020.xlsx [ 1MB ]
Support: RECORD REQUEST.xlsx [ 95kB ]
Support: Here is 2 more samples.
Support: In the event that you and we do not reach a consensus, we will start publishing and selling your private information very soon. Please keep us writing notifying how it is going if there is still no success, so we understand that you are still with us.
Support: We already sent you files and told that we took data from 96 servers and more then 500 desktops. Is it not understandable for you?
Support: Normally is several enough. We do not keep data on hard drives, it is all in clouds. So it is complicated process to show several more files. Also you should understand that downloading process is very easy compare to hacking process. We mean that if we broke your system, get your data is the easiest part.
Support: That is not possible. We could not provide that screenshot. We told the size of it.
Support: How is it going so far?
Support: We will give you BTC wallet as soon as you will be ready. It is not a problem. Also it is only small part of data, even we can say 1 folder of thousands folders. One more thing, we will upload more data on Monday.
Support: OK. We are confirming this. The size of the data which was taken is more then 50TB, as we told you previously this files are from 96 servers and 500 desktops.
Support: You know the price and conditions. You should remember that we will start to raise price very soon if we do not arrange an agreement.
Support: We could make additional discount 5BTC. We will not wait for several weeks and keep the price on