hi
to decrypt the data and avoid publication you need to pay us. we haven't published your name on our blog yet
120k$
we will soon send you a tree of stolen data
yes
yes!
we stolen 85gb
no
Yes, we'll send it soon.
I'll send you a link to our file sharing service
http://lockbitfile2tcudkcqqt2ve6btssyvqwlizbpv5vz337lslmhff2uad.onion/r/_2oTnkjYde#8woUZkWE9Q5YsQ8jBLzyzMxBNpKPmDe2IU8g8eVSM4E=
If you don't pay, the files from the tree will be published. we don't care how you feel about them

hi. to decrypt the data and avoid publication you need to pay us. we haven't published your name on our blog yet
soon we will send you a tree of stolen data
need to pay
http://lockbitfilzhrvt6eya2lvnp7te4iifzmwybendqclgujqbzu3k4gaid.onion/r/EmcJ0p6nJv#59UjkgcJ3APksKHGhDXjpNhhXTNkiMXxsVAGPmV7DOA=
250000$
after payment, we will delete your data and provide a decryptor
yes
time to pay now
OK
all the data we took is on this list. when you pay, we will permanently delete it, and decrypt all your systems. the sooner you pay, the sooner it will be over and you will go back to your old life
select some files from the tree, and we will send them
hurry
ok
ok, wait
http://lockbitfile2tcudkcqqt2ve6btssyvqwlizbpv5vz337lslmhff2uad.onion/r/tASrJy1eXM#9fOlbyIxE9fmiNNfZSDfX9PJ19RHcrlhxrJ9/99f7Bg=
password qtuhK4vpjG^fgM5ZRm$psn5mO
OK
You pay
You have the opportunity to make test decryptions
After payment, we will provide you with a decryptor for the entire network, identify vulnerabilities and delete your data
There is a mention on your page, upload a small encrypted file
Please perform the actions faster.Otherwise, we will change the negotiator, and make mentions of your company on the blog.
I know that your goal is to drag out negotiations as long as possible so that we get nervous and agree to a smaller amount. by asking dumb questions you are playing against yourself and risk getting blogged. the test decryptor window is to the left of the chat.
you can say what you want, but we have a lot of experience and we understand everything. each machine has its own ID. for a successful transcription you need to take the file from your PC, with the ID you are logged into the chat! or go to the chat with the ID of the PC from which you take the file for test decryption
You can follow the link to the chat from any PC, take the file from this PC and use the test decryption
send the file, we will decrypt it for you. it should not be an important file, a picture or pdf
ok, wait
File: [inetres.adm.7z]
hurry up! very slow
You sent us the file yourself. Okay. Send us another file
You will do the test yourself faster if you perform the action correctly.Your visiting this chat room once a day does not contribute to the solution.
hurry up
It takes a maximum of 1 hour.We are well aware that you are a representative of the recovery company and want to earn yourself.But in fact you are damaging your clients and yourself as a negotiator
http://lockbitapt2d73krlbewgv27tquljgxr33xbwwsp6rkyieto7u4ncead.onion/post/MM3CQtzq3b0kInv663edf735a5c73
You have time to think about whether to drag out the negotiations further, or pay up and close the matter quietly.
don't care! you won't scare us with this. you've been taking too long, whoever you are. your name will be published first, and then only your details. if you don't pay, others will pay. our patience is over
ok, wait
File: [Quality Management Coordinator 12.1.2017.pdf.7z]
when will you pay?!
Hurry up
If you hope that by delaying negotiations you will lower the price, you are mistaken
it's time to pay
hi
to decrypt the data and avoid publication you need to pay us. we haven't published your name on our blog yet
$100k
we have a test decryptor, you can try. just use it correctly
then use another file
you'll have to look for money. not that small a company. we know who you are
I'll give you advice right away. we don't like whiners and negotiators. we are serious people and we have a reputation and we came here not to play and not to joke. so pay and be free
we accept payment only in BTC
bc1qpgggs7j546rfavshtckq4v8x4fh87zztaqw5zz
use brokers. we will not accept 10k
you're funny
will you pay? or should I publish a post about you?
hi. to decrypt the data and avoid publication you need to pay us.
soon we will send you a tree of stolen data
we did not sell your data. we will publish it for free
We'll send you the tree now, wait for it.
124gb - confidential files, financial reports, hr, passports
Download link: http://lockbitfile2tcudkcqqt2ve6btssyvqwlizbpv5vz337lslmhff2uad.onion/r/FtAmteMZSo#xWzK5WIC7vBW3wzgFup6/RaJMPtdmyk9QGNud23AZ00=
Password: B@N$m@piDSvsErZQc(XEEuy6c
I and other companies have no complaints. try restarting TOR or using other links from the note
Hi, what's the news?
1,500,000$ USD
If you pay quickly, we'll give you a discount.
While we're negotiating we've paused the timer and hidden you from the blog
If you pay within 48 hours, we will give you a 30% discount
Ok
what news?
We do not sell data, without publication. And most importantly - our reputation.
it's time to pay
We are not talking about selling your data. we will put it on our blog for free for everyone if you do not pay. you are negotiating for a very long time, and this will not play into your hands. we know that you are specifically delaying negotiations so that we agree to a lower amount. on the contrary, if you pay quickly we can give you a discount for speed.
we are ready to give you a 30% discount on a quickly payment
I think you'll understand how much your data is worth after it's published. When you incur reputational losses, fines from the state, courts and others. You will lose even more money than we are asking for. For your company, with multimillion-dollar revenues, paying that amount and forgetting about it won't be a big deal. I'm sure your boss has much more money in his personal cryptocurrency account
when wiil you pay?
hi
to decrypt the data and avoid publication you need to pay us. we haven't published your name on our blog yet
use mirrors, we under ddos
You can reach us at any of these links using a Tor browser: http://lockbitsupa7e3b4pkn4mgkgojrl5iqgx24clbzc4xm7i6jeetsia3qd.onion http://lockbitsupdwon76nzykzblcplixwts4n4zoecugz2bxabtapqvmzqqd.onion http://lockbitsupn2h6be2cnqpvncyhj4rgmnwn44633hnzzmtxdvjoqlp7yd.onion http://lockbitsupo7vv5vcl3jxpsdviopwvasljqcstym6efhh6oze7c6xjad.onion http://lockbitsupq3g62dni2f36snrdb4n5qzqvovbtkt5xffw3draxk6gwqd.onion http://lockbitsupqfyacidr6upt6nhhyipujvaablubuevxj6xy3frthvr3yd.onion http://lockbitsupt7nr3fa6e7xyb73lk6bw6rcneqhoyblniiabj4uwvzapqd.onion http://lockbitsupuhswh4izvoucoxsbnotkmgq6durg7kficg6u33zfvq3oyd.onion http://lockbitsupxcjntihbmat4rrh7ktowips2qzywh6zer5r3xafhviyhqd.onion
data from your network
we will give you this information after you pay the ransom
we will soon send you a tree of stolen data
https://temp.sh/vpCYM/vit%20list.txt
130k files, 122gb
We'll send you the files in a moment
The price of decrypt and delete data 1.000.000$. we accept payment in BTC
https://temp.sh/TSyij/files.zip
We studied your revenue data. we found information that the revenue is about $100 million. in addition, your site translates to the site of a large california company with $1 billion in revenue. based on this, the requested amount is quite real. pay and no one will ever know about the attack. we will return all your files and tell you about the attack, and delete your data from our servers forever. if you delay and do not negotiate actively, we will publish a post about you on our blog.
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/lockbit-victim-estimates-cost-of-ransomware-attack-to-be-42-million/
One company refused to pay the ransom. and suffered a lot. there is a lot of information about us on the internet. here is an example
No, it's not enough!
we have your sensitive data, marketing data, financial data, passports, iti, transactions, and so on. so think about the damage that publishing data can do to you. think about the damage you will get.
if you are not ready to pay more than 100k, you can leave the chat room and wait for the publication of your data
for now, you have time to find money. but time will not last indefinitely. we need a deadline. if you drive unproductive talks, or don't come in for a chat, we will publish a post about your company on our blog. so far, we haven't done that
We know exactly who you are. don't start talking about limiting finances and so on. we know who you are and how much you can pay. so we will stand our ground and take tough measures in case of disobedience
Put aside unnecessary talk. negotiate constructively.
that doesn't make sense. why are you coming in here?
If you're not interested, leave the chat room and don't come in.
bye
